The nose is sweet and spicy and the flavor is malty sweet, accented nicely by honey and by abundant caramel/toffee notes.
Smells of coffee and roasted malt.
Roasted malts hit on the nose.
A little sweet chocolate follows.
Smell : tons of piney resinous evergreen aroms abound in this ale.
Cant get enough of this beer its the best smelling harvest ale I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying
The aroma is bready and a little sour.
S - A strong sweet fruit like candied citrus and honeyed pineapple w/ a hint of mango and papaya w/ a subtle green tea tinge like herbs w/ a gentle grape/lemony acidic nose
Smells of caramel malt and a very floral hop nose
Aroma is quite mild.
Some slight malt hits the nose, but by hitting I mean hitting like 'a girl'
Smell: Very roasty and a little bit of earthy hops.
Coffee, and Chocolate.
Floral hop nose, caramel malt.
Smell is a little subdued.
Dark coffee malts are the main smell with a slight bit of hops also.
S - Cloves, ginger, dark belgian sugars, and spicy hops.
The nose was sweet swet caramel with some of that lager nose I have yet to put into words.
It smells nice.
S: a wonderful, citrusy hop smell along with caramel malt and some piney-ness
Nose is pretty faint, some grassy hops, a little malt, nothing else.
Smells like must and roasted grain
I put my nose to it right away to ascertain it values after being told it was a lambic.
I thought the fragrances of tart apples and fruit were going to knock me out or at least scare me away from enjoying it.
The aroma was rich with malt...and hoppy.
Smell is a little faint and only floral notes come out.
It's hard to pick apart.
Smell is exquisite, extreme coffee grounds, espresso and roasted malts.
I pick up bits of burnt wood in the background and a little chocolate, even whiffs of oatmeal, wonderful aroma.
S- This beer has a light tartness with a faint lemon zest note to it.
There is a light dryness to the smell at the finish.
S - Fresh bushels of raspberries just rinsed gives the aroma an inviting nose.
Soft wheat and lemonade pull through and 'fake-up' the aroma.
It almost begins smelling like a Berry Weiss-Sunset Wheat combo.
Initially good though...
Smells a little fruity, like orange maybe.
I can definitely smell the hops too.
S - Czech style malt with hop background
Smell - Dark fruits with lots of cherry and plum to start.
Alcohol is definitely evident, but so are a moderate amount of sweeter hops.
Maybe a bit of caramel/vanilla scent, something sweet.
S- Goobs of bourbon and dark roasted almost burnt malts.
Port and molasses, booze soaked blackberries, brown sugar
S: Wonderful tripel nose.
The alcohol is there but hints of fruit.
I caught tones of apple and possibly cherry in the nose.
I really enjoyed the nose on the beer.
Aroma is subdued wheat with some banana and a few other fruits I can't place; there isn't much to the nose at all.
The aroma was of chocolate, coffee, cherries and alcohol.
Aromas are of chocolate and roasted malts, along with some alcohol and a little dark fruit as well (maybe even some courants).
S: Wonderful smell of roasted malts, chocolate, little bit of java, and beautiful blueberries.
Aroma is definitely boozy with some heavily roasted dark chocolate malts and dark fruits.
Caramelized sugar and licorise lend a bit of sweetness to things.
There seems to be a smoked character to the aroma as well
Malty aromas of bread crust, elegant pilsner malt, light toffee, and a rich bready flavor of fresh baked breads along with caramelized grains carry a vibrant and fresh aroma.
A contribution of herbal tea-like hops give a light floral note to the rich malt scents.
S- Smelled a little like bananas and citrus.
There wasnt a lot of smell here period.
Unable to detect any malt or hops
Smell: Slight piney hop profile and bigger caramel malts are the only thing that comes out to me.
Also get some slight hints of grapefruit.
The beer could use a better hop profile since the malts take over the majority of the aroma.
The aroma is musty, floral and sweet ?? like a flowery meadow.
Some fruitiness and dark nuttiness.
Intriguing aroma.
The aroma is dominated by sweet malts with just a slight hoppiness dancing in the background.
This has more of a spicy tripel aroma than IPA.
This is turning out to be much of the same, with less IPA and more tripel in the smell and taste.
Grass, wheat malt, citrus.
Smells of roasted malts and mouthfeel is quite strong in the sense that you can get a good taste of it before you even swallow.
S - Slightly dark coffee aroma with a touch of molasses.
Smells like a hop field, there's no two ways about it.
Fresh grassy green scent with an undercurrent of spiciness.
Aroma consists of opulent roasted malts and milk chocolate, both of which become more pronounced as the beer warms.
There may be some wood-like hop notes buried as well.
Pleasant roasty aroma with strong coffee notes, also cigarbox, chocolate and leather.
The aroma is of oranges, with a hint of coriander.
It is rather weak for the style.
I just wish the aroma weren't so airy.
Sweet and rich malt smells.
You can't miss the sweet smell.
Smell, fresh grass and citrus.
Dry hoppy nose, some background biscuit malt
S - Strong ginger and spiced meet honey-like flavors.
Orange peel spiciness and some mild maltiness.
Little to no hop aroma.
S - Bready malts matched with some citrus hoppiness
Roasted malts toppped with some sweet chocolate and a little bit of raisin.
The raisin is such a typical scent in this style, it's a good indicator.
The overall smell is similar to a stout.
S - The aroma produced by this beer were a little bit of caramel malts followed by a beautiful mix of flowery, citrusy mix of hops
S - Very light--clean and slightly metallic with just a trace of sourdough.
S: Nose is of pale malts, touch of caramel and citrus hops.
S- some malts, nothing really worth noting
The aroma is good.
It appears to have a near perfect malt scent.
It's roasted on one hand.
It's dry and earthy on the other.
There's also a nice chocolate component as well.
S: Aroma is primarily citrus with a hint of sweetness.
S- Nice malty aroma, nothing too heavy.
Very little hop note.
Nothing like other ESB's I've tried.
The nose is a good blend of the beer and the barrel.
There's that oak/vanilla/bourbon combo that we all love, but some roast and raisin actually make it through.
Nose was very malty with a grainy/cereal-like aspect.
A mild hoppy aroma is present.
smell: Good balance of toasted caramel and grainy malt flavors with a considerable English type hop aroma.
Some lighter hints of dried fruits such as cherries and apricots.
Smells of grass, grain, faint spice and malts.
Has a complex aroma.
I smell chocolate, vanilla, roasted nuts, and some dark fruit.
For a beer packing 10% ABV, I did not detect any alcohol aroma or flavor.
The aroma reminded me of a nice think hunk of dark bread dunked in a nice mellow bourbon.
Distinct aromas ar of must, peaty earth, lightly horsey and with a cork-like wodiness.
The nose comprises smokey charcoal and what seems like a nice bit o' sweet pineapple.
The first thing that hits the nose is a grapefruit-y hop aroma.
Definitely getting buttered popcorn (diacetyl) and a little alcohol.
I'm not really liking this aroma, but I guess it's not all bad.
The aroma was more Belgian triple than IPA, Sweet and malty
Smell: A great combination of bready, caramel malts and grassy, citrus hops.
Neither seems to overpower.
The nose delivers a sweetish, candy laced malt that's brightened with a touch of orange, melon, and perhaps vanilla amidst a sprinkling of coriander.
Smell: malty, bready; some spiciness
Fuseled nose of vodka, cherry juice, dark rum, bourbon, biscuits, and caramel
S=smoky smell, some fruity notes
S: Musty notes of raspberries and slight vinegar.
There is definitely a basement must to the odor.
Aromas of caramel, citrus, grapefruit, floral, and pine.
S-light malty with a touch of sugary red wine.
Pretty sweet.
smell: Dominant roasted, hazelnut, woody aromas.
Definately a considerable aroma of bourbon barrel, with some light vanilla accompanying.
Somewhat sharp alcohol sting, but not as bad in my opinion as others have mentioned.
Maybe some age mellowed it out.
Moderately sweet, with a dark chocolate aroma.
A milder RIS aroma, but nice.
Low to moderate hop aroma.
S: Definitely sourness straightforward.
When you smell it, it has that piercing sourness that hits you in the jowls, also kinda dusty if that makes sense
Smell: Strong malt aroma with slight alcohol followed.
S: There are aromas of malty sweetness in the nose.
The smell is somewhat sweet, bready and floral.
A fairly strong aroma, and not unpleasant.
Smell: Strong spicy clove aromas dominate, with some light pepper, bubblegum, yeast, and banana scents kicking around.
Smell: Its aroma is light and has a sweet grainy character with a very mild hop presence.
S- lost of chocolate, licorice, booze and roasted malts.
S-Fresh, bright floral, citrus and light spicy hop pop up front with a pleasant underlying light caramel malt sweetness.
Lovely strong aroma of ripe bananas, bubblegum and cloves.
The nose is malty, with some oak notes, chocolate, toffee, some spice.
Smell is slightly off-putting; the malt comes off a bit musty and plastic-like.
Nose expresses milk chocolate, a trace of dark fruit and a pleasant buttery vanilla character.
Only the merest suggestion of bourbon presents itself.
Smells of lemon and some slightly sweet malt, with a touch of light, earthy bitterness.
The aroma is rich prune, raisins, sweet brown bread, bread cruast, hints of dark rum.
S: Potpourri, spicy candied apples.
Just okay.
Super hoppy nose yields a late season ripe citrus feel with nice balance.
Nose is a very nice blend of hop aromas.
Tropical and minty with a bit of alcohol backdrop.
Malts are pretty light, as the appearance would suggest, lending a biscuity aspect.
S: Lots of American hops, piney and citric - there are both grapefruit as well as pineapple.
But besides the nice-smelling hops I can't smell anything else
Lots of banana on the nose.
A little bit of spice as well.
General aroma was nice and fruity.
S: The smell is the best part -- it's biscuity and toasty with some nut oil -- brazil nut and almond - in there, all carried out with popping hoppiness right on the front of the nose.
Tart wheat notes w/ mild banana & bubblegum yeast esters in aroma.
The aroma isn't as complex as other examples of the style, and is akin to a more tart, but less estery Paulaner aroma.
Smells are slightly hoppy and citrusy.
S- Aroma is mostly citrus and floral hops along with yeasty wheat malts
The aroma on this beer is phenomenal.
Strong whiffs of citrus fruit (grapefruits, oranges, and limes) and balsam fur pine.
S: Wonderful balance as the hops have mellowed out enough to let the malts shine through the forest for all the trees.
Aromas of pine, caramel, grapefruit, pineapple and charred walnuts.
Aroma is fruity (cloves and bananas).
Typical of a Hefeweizen
The smell was ever so hoppy with a hint of the grapefruit flavor that's contained within.
S: Wet malt and a little hops.
Pretty BMC, like Mickey's or PBR, and pretty weak.
S: Heavy roasted malt, with some sweetness.
Some bitter hops along with dark chocolate and coffee.
Smell is truly enjoyable with nice notes of summer fruits, bananas, bubble-gum, and yeast.
Has a sweet, grassy malty nose to it from the German Pilsner malt, but has a surprising nice spicy hop kick to it at the end along with a little sourness.
s: smells like a more guinness-y guinness really, there are some roasted malts there, signature guinness smells, less burnt though, a little bit of chocolate, and i can't help but notice a distinct smell of chlorine/pool water?
glass was clean too...hmmmm.
slightly sour guinness smell as well
S- Strong florals and citrus from being dry-hopped, I presume.
Any aroma from the malts was hidden.
The dry hopping adds a nice floral aroma and flavor.
Aromas of wet hay, some fruit (orange), and some hops way in the background.
Smells extremely roasty and sweet, but with a ton of nice bitterness in the form of coffee and bitter chocolate.
Maybe even from the hops but I can't really detect any.
S: There are moderate aromas of fruity yeast and floral hops in the nose.
Not a lot of nose, a little citrus but mostly a clean aroma (probably because of the rice)
Nose is sour red fruit and hops, mouthfeel thick and tangy-sweet and the taste a perrfect follow to the scents in the nose, with some alcohol added in at mid-glass.
S- Smells of sweet malt.
The aroma is a really nice sweet malt and herbal hops.
Very thick smell with an edible quality that also notes thick brown bread and apple.
Very little smell.
Light hop smell with even less malt.
Smell is coffee, strong sweet chocolate and above all black malt, like the grains smell.
Some vanilla to smooth the roast
Nose is grassy hops, hints of toffee and cherry.
Hops nose but not nearly as aggressive as most IPAs.
So far not what I think of an IPA.
S: Just as I expected, Choklat is the most chocolate smelling beer in the beer world.
Southern Tier always impresses me with these kind of brews, but the lack of complexity is it's only downfall.
I could immediately smell a sweet aroma, but did not immediately pick up on the currant.
The aroma also developed and the fruit was definitely present.
Aroma is a tad lighter than the best examples, but sticking ones nose in reveals ample toasted malt covered with a chocolate, an herbal hop, no alcohol or diacetyl.
Smell - Bready
Aroma was full of grassy hops and caramel, with some alcohol presence on the nose.
aroma has pine hops, resin, caramel malt, and light citrus underlying.
Nose: nice aroma.
Carmelized malts and hops
Aroma is almost completely herbal - anise, lavender, clove, a touch of honey.
S: Mildly sweet with a fair amount of chocolate and a hint of coffee.
Quite a bit of roast is present as well, along with a light earthy hop character.
Sweet oatmeal is present in the back.
the aroma contains a good amount of fruity clove aromas along with some yeast, grainy and floral qualities.
a little brown sugary.
Smell has some nice notes of citrusy hops.
The aroma was just loaded down with coffee.
Rich notes of mocha mixes in with a rich, and sweet coffee note.
A tiny bit of bitterness and an earthy flare lying down underneath of it, but the majority of this one was hands down, rich brewed coffee.
A bit of caramel and coffee to the nose.
Even cold, though, the malty nose is prominent and enjoyable.
S: Sweet purfumey, bread, hops, a wonderful aroma
S- slight aromas of pumpkins, mild spice.
Not really overwhelming with the cinnamon and nutmeg and all that
smell: tart cranberry, cherry, vinegar, apple peel
I found the smell of the beer to have a nice aroma of caramel and some light hops on the nose.
S- earthy hops, but they smell absolutely wonderful and strong.
Getting some hints of cat piss as well...simcoe up in here?
S - A big bouquet of raspberries and blueberries.
Fresh, sweet, tangy fruit aromas.
Floral hop notes.
O - Plenty of fruit in the nose and mouth.
The smell is sweet with a little musty and earth scent like mushrooms.
Little bit of butter mixes in with the malt aroma, which is mostly biscuit.
Little bit of wood and leather is also present in the scent.
Slight tea, tobacco and wood aroma from the English hops used.
Aromas of grapefruit tempered by earthy malt.
Aroma is so much bigger than I expected from a Tripel that (only) registers at 6.8%.
Big, tropical and orchard fruit with funky, yeasty spice and a pepper/coriander bite.
Green apple and pear is shadowed by honeyish, Pilsneresque malts, and complex, phenolic undertones featuring banana and buttery croissant.
S: Sweet malty scents dominate -- caramel malt, hazelnut, some chocolate and brown sugar.
Not particularly strong, but not weak or watered-down in the nose either.
Lots of pine hop aroma, with a some caramel malt and a touch of oaky alcohol.
Smells boozy and sweet, with a hot fusel alcohol aroma plus some sweet syrupy caramel, honey, overripe peaches, and booze soaked oranges.
Really not loving this nose at all.
There is some juicy fruit going on here but it's soaked in booze and it's overly sweet.
I'm sorry, forgive me, but I just can't get excited about Amber ales with no hop aroma.
Subtle malt aroma, with a light hint of caramel and a suggestion of doughy yeast.
You'd think malt magician Larry Bell could come up with something a little better smelling than this.
Lacking bitterness and a pronounced hop flavor and aroma.
S- This beer has a green citrus aroma with a fresh raw malt finish coming through as the beer warms.
It was served ice cold.
S- The aroma is lighter than expected with some fruit, citrus peel, spices and Belgian yeast.
The aroma is very light but very pleasant as well.
The array of fruits dominate the aroma with some citrus peel and clove.
Very nice
Grapefruit hop nose.
Aroma has some lemony hops and some sweet bread.
Nice balance.
Aroma is hoppy with some nutty malts mixed in.
The smell is nice hoppiness, and also a bit yeasty
The aroma is a bit faint and has pleasant notes of caramel malt, apple, peach and some grassy hops.
Smell is hops and hops.
Citrusy, bitter, earthy.
Nose has a nice tart sour fruit aroma, great tart fruits that just dance around the nostrils, berry, lots of grape skin, bit of Brett funk and lactobacillis like acidic fruit, nice funk overall.
Banana and clove aroma along with a honey sweetness.
Generous nose - holiday spice indeed....ginger, cinammon, and the orange mentioned on the lable.
Christmas spices in a bottle.
Smell: What smell?
A little chlorine?
Some old citrus
Smell - Mild Orange, Grand Mariner, Peppermint, light-medium malt, Cinnamon and mild hops
S- There is a light tin note to a soft dry brown malt aroma and some mineral qualities in the finish.
Sweet, malty aroma, with floral hops and toasted grains.
Smell: Mostly uninteresting - baked/toasted biscuits, caramel malts, toasted grains, some earthy hops
N: Nose has a light Belgian quality with some sweetness maybe candi sugar
Smells of succulent juicy hops with nectarines and tasty pine.
Underneath lies a powdery confectioners sugar.
The smell's simple, but it has me drooling.
Nose is puckeringly sour, lots of citric and lactic notes, good earthiness, a touch of cereal/grain.
S: Citrusy and floral hops hit the nose first (rose petals), with a yeasty biscuit aroma hiding behind.
Orange peel, mild grapefruit
Smells of coffee, chocolate and a bit of smokey essence.
The nose is yeasty and fruity above a mildly caramelish and nutty malt.
Smells of light coca cola and wheat sweet wet grains and roast
S: a good level of prune-ish sourness (likely due to prolonged lager-ing of the unfiltered product), and caramelised sugary malt dominates the aroma, backed by apple-ly fruits, doughy notes, and a touch of dust like most lager-bier.
The smell is earthy, but somewhat fruity (cotton candyish)with a hint of cherries.
Nose is quite hoppy, lots of floral aromatics.
Smells of some mild citrus and papaya notes along with some earthy, grassy notes.
S - Chocolate, both dark and milk, slight dark fruit, oak, burnt sugars, some alcohol booze in there too and at 10.4%, it's going to be quite hard to completely hide.
Smells like up north - pine forest.
Some citrus.
S: Malt, caramel...and skunk
Aromas are of dark roasted malts and bitter chocolates.
S: Spicy phenolic aroma with hints of hops.
Very aromatic, with a massive grapefruit smell.
Orange rind and sweet pine notes are also abundantly present.
Smells chocolate and toffee with a hint of alcohol sting.
Coffee upon further examination.
Nose has very light malts, some slight earthy and bit herbal UK style bittering hops touch of fruity hops as well.
The aroma is of slight roasted malt and deep chocolate.
Smells like caramel.
S - Hmm.
A medicinal smell.
Not pleasant or attractive.
S: Roast malt with strong American hop scent
The aroma is floral, spicy (coriander and clove) with strong hints of orange peel.
S - Sweet and complex malt up front with a mild spice/hop background.
Aroma of citrus, light fruit, and kiwi.
Floral smell with orange and citrus.
Aroma is probably its bext feature: rich, bready, perfumey.
Smell had maple syrup, butter, cream, tons of different sweet malts, toffe, caramel, a hint of dark fruit, a tiny amount of hoppiness, mostly candy-like scents that lured you in
Aroma of sour vinegar and oak.
The aroma was comprised of sweet malt, citrus, citrus hop, caramel, and sweet alcohol.
Very nicely balanced aroma as well.
S - Very little smell.
Some lemons, some malt.
Nothing overpowering in the least.
Virtually no hops.
Citrus, pine, lemony, almost spicy hops, with a sweetish caramel-toffee aroma backing it up.
S - Is fairly light but has a cranberry juice nose
S: The smell is peppery with hops and yeast.
The nose is very nice and provides hints of yeast, fruit and spice, along with a very strong alcohol sense that seems higher than its rating.
Smell: grass and a faint bitterness is all that is detectable.
Aroma has light roast, molasses.
Some anise and licorice maybe.
Enticing sweet spicy orange scent that takes on a slightly metallic, marmalade tone as the level falls the beer warms
Smell: Very very pale malt aroma.
The nose is very reminiscent of rye bread.
It's the most dominating rye smell I've ever had in a rye beer.
It's just loaded with spiciness, breadiness and malt.
I think this beer is now a benchmark on how much rye smell can be packed into a beer
Sweet citrus and malt, floral and herbal notes in the nose.
Yeast and bread also.
Very pleasant.
S = Light spices, rough grain mustard smells with just a touch of tart vinegar, light notes of plastic though detract from an otherwise good smell.
Smell is roasted malt, fairly hoppy, coffee and chocolate, light ashy scents as well.
The smell is typical of Belgium beers...clove and spice.
I'm useless on the sniff test in these smoky bars, so all I could distinguish was a malty cherry whiff.
The aroma reminds me of tart cherries (not cranberries).
The smell is surprising light, mostly a dry malt.
I had expected a more robust aroma.
Smell: Solid Belgian pale ale malt and hop characteristics throughout, with that perfect yeast tinge.
Aroma: Malt sweetness upfront with a tinge of hops in the nose.
Not bad
Smell- A touch or cardboard, some sweetend tropical fruit notes and some toasted caramel malts.
S- Warm bready notes, like freshly baked puffy whole wheat bread.
A touch of fruitiness, and a touch of alcohol.
The smell is toasted with a touch of bready and toffee undertones.
Some bubblegum sweet hops mixes nicely with a warmer spice such as cinnamon and cloves.
It starts with big, pulpy pumpkin meat in the aroma and flavor which is followed by a bitter burst of citrus.
S: light vinegar dark fruit and a slightly sweet smell also detectable very good and complex smell here
Has a light hoppy, flowery, and malty aroma that seems to be somewhat appealing
Smell, sweet chocolaty malt, some nice roasted aromas too.
A few vanilla esters and a little hint of smoke also.
Lingering malt on the nose on the finish with a touch of yeast too, little bit of fresh coffee also.
S - nice mango and pungent hops.
Good stuff
Smell: Tons of banana up front with some malt and mild herbal flavors.
Reminds me a bit of banana runts.
S: Chinook hopping provided pungent dry grapefruit and pine hopping
S- Dark chocolate.
Aroma - Toasted bread and lightly roasted malts, black coffee, some dark brown sugar sweetness, roasted nuttiness, some blackcurrant, raisin and black grape fruitiness, very light oatiness, some faint smokiness coming through, leathery hints, faint whiff of alcohol...
S: Pretty simple nose of sweet grainy malts, some saaz hops maybe, but a standard blonde ale smell
S - Is of fruits upfront then some malt and alcohol
The aroma is filled with an intense burnt caramel and molasses scent, accompanied by a blast of sweetness.
The fruity vinousness is reminiscent slightly of shiraz, but also of the flavors found in chocolate over 70 percent.
Had a buttery caramel aroma with a little fruity hops in the background.
Aroma: citrus, banana, clove, spice, bubblegum and slightly hoppy
S: Nose is completely apple cider...
nothing but apple and on a good dau, apple cider.
S- Vinegar, lemon, acidic tartness, vanilla, and oak.
Nose overall is very balanced between these characters and very good.
The smell is of grain and hops, with a bit of lemon peel and strong herbal notes.
Smell is citrusy--orange and faint traces of pineapple.
The smell of this beer is very nice.
Kind of like root beer, with a splash of coffee in it.
Smell is nice, slight roast, some nuttiness, and hint of hops.
Pretty much to-style.
The aroma is almost entirely malt, but I can also discern some sort of smokiness or herbal smell as well.
Smells of hops and a slight whiff of alcohol and fruits.
Aroma is estery and spicy with a little bit of nutmeg or allspice and this spectrum of bubblegum esters, sweetness and breadiness.
It's smells good but there is a lot going on in the ester department.
smell of molasses and alcohol.
Smell is mild crisp toasted grain and a bit of sweet malt with some fruit in the smell.
The smell is a musty sweet corn and light malt aroma.
Almost American macro-ey.
Sadly, there wasn't' much detecable aroma.
Most of the aroma features malt sweetness, hop character is subdued.
S) Pils -esque in aroma.
Light citrus notes and earthy tones.
Smells of hops and lightly roasted malts.
Smell: A slight whiff of lactic acid (perhaps a slightly off bottle) was the only negative about this beer.
Otherwise, a sweet, malty and yeasty aroma with a hint of fruit.
A fruit-laden smell escapes the contours of the glass with a dark puree of plum, apricot, fig, melon, and a hint of cola nut.
No peat is found here though this will make a late appearance in the taste
A slight syrupy taste and aroma are present though nothing sugary lingers at the lip.
S: A very nice herbal, pine and earthy hop aroma.
Yes, slightly more vanilla scents and a bit more of a chocolate and roasted malt undertone than AB, but not hugely noticeable.
S: has a strong apricot and strawberry fruit smells with a mild and pleasant yeast scent.
Smells wonderful.
Raisins, spices, carmelized sugar and their special yeast strain.
I got a face full of grapefruit and piney hops the second I poured this pale golden, ever so slightly hazed beer into my pint.
In the aroma, fresh hops and a gritty grain.
S - Vague vinegar, an apparition of apple, hint of mint and just a little gin.
Roasted sweet and slightly smoky aroma with a bit of yeast; similar taste with significant wheat flavors and a touch of alcohol
S: Tangy, champagne nose with a honey and citrus under tone
The aroma contained resiny hops and roastiness.
Not too complex.
The aroma was comprised of sweet malt, wood, very sweet alcohol, toffee, subtle brown sugar, and a touch of caramel.
S: The sherry from the age is prevalent, along with raisins and caramel.
Smell: Caramel malt with bready undertones and hints of butterscotch
Smells very citrussy and sweet with wheaty notes.
The aroma was malty with a citrus base, mainly grapefruit.
The aroma was mainly hops.
Cloyingly sweet grain aroma with some corn.
In the aroma there is a massive cherry, woody, and caramel presence.
Smell is a sugary apricot/peach with a crisp lemongrass blended in.
Aroma is fairly hoppy, but a little unpleasant.
Almost like old hops.
Aroma is a nice mix of hops and dark chocolate aromas with some subtler fruity aromas mixed in.
Aroma-Sweet Pils malt, light grassy hops, and a very faint fruit aroma of apples and pears
Toasted, nutty, waferish malt on the nose, subtle wood notes, very light crisp grassy hops.
S: Barnyard funk
Sweet malty smell infused with dark raisins, rasberries, port, and a slight floral hops.
S- Smells very sweet, has toasted malt aromas and strong smells of maple syrup
S: An amazingly funky and tart aroma is present immediately.
Lots of sour apples, lemons, and maybe some green grapes along with a subtle wood character and a bit of grass.
Nutty mildly sweet aroma
Smell: bright, refreshing citrusy/piney hops.
This combination is just fantastic; it really rubs me the right way.
I love it.
Aroma is nice mixture of sweet honey, chocolate and roasty toasty malts.
Smell is hoppy at first then melds to semi sweet malts with some fruit in there as well.
Very aromatic with the rye coming thru as well.
S: Smells of strong and sweet malt and a touch of caramel and grass...
Smell: Espresso and licorice, somewhat charcoalish
Sweet honey smell.
The aroma is very subdued.
I detect some sweet fruit and maybe a little funk and malt.
Aroma is wonderful piney but and clean clearly hoppy.
S- Light dark fruit sweet malt, peatiness of the whisky casks comes through subtlely too.
Weak aroma, slight sweetness, light floral scent.
Possible citrus element?
The aroma is marriage of peppery spiciness with citrusy, pear and apple-like esters, and candy sugar sweetness.
Smell is of sweet malt, spice, clove, brown sugar.
well blended nice aroma.
S - light roasted grains, sweet malts
Aromas and tastes of, guess what, blueberries.
Smells like my wife's blueberry pancake mix.
S: had great sweet roasty scent with just enough coffee, not overbearing, but certainly not missing
Smell is very hoppy and the rye comes through very well.
Smell: Butterscotch diacetyl, toffee and malt sweetness.
The aroma is a light, sweet coffee with a hint of molasses.
An intense floral boquet of hops bursts out immediately in the nose
Aroma is a large lump of leafy late hops, big caramel malt and cherries.
S - Cocoa, mostly, sharp notes on finish
S: Sour, wild and tart cherries mostly
Smell is a boom of grapefruity hop to the nose, delivered in a malted sugary package, some undertones of earth, and a warming silky alcohol that blends well with the hops to create a sharp punch.
smell - Roasted malts and coffee smell here
Aroma is grassy, grainy and sweet.
Nice roasted malt odors with a good vanilla smell in the background.
S: Those arrogant hops and arrogant malts.
Aroma has a nice pleasant floral hop smell, nice caramel malts, slight sweetness.
Slightly nutty.
Smell is of a wheat based brew with apricot sweetness.
Man, this would really be up my alley if they had used a tripel yeast for this.
S - Big whiff of dark molasses, maybe some spice, dark chocolate, coffee, and a tiny bit of sugary sweetness.
Smell is dead-on for what a Belgian should smell like.
Apple, pear, bread, yeast, and a touch of citrus (Stones signature I think).
Smell is great.
S: Smells of fresh, floral and citrusy hops.
Not overwhelming with just a touch of malt under it.
Very nice, but not mind blowing.
It delivers a spicy-floral aroma and abstract lace above a body of clear dark bronze.
Big powdery cocoa in the nose, but nothing else happening.
S- Lovely roasted coffee aroma.
Sweetness and mild hops are also present.
Aroma is a nice coriander and orange peel with some subtle hints of fruity esters.
Very clean no off aromas.
Definitely drinkable, the smell is very sweet, which had me worried for the taste.
Smell- Smell good, better than it tastes
S-Nice milk chocolate
The smell was acceptable, although awfully malty for an IPA.
S: Smells fairly grainy with a lot of fruity, lemon zest and juice aromas and little to no floral hops.
S= This had a bit of age on it at this point, and the aroma was a nice meld of smoked malt, sweet malt, spice, and rye.
S: Floral hops, very green, pink grapefruit.
Smells of bitter hops with little malt
When I first leaned in, port wine and dark fruit hit me hard.
Fresh roasted coffee and bakers chocolate hold their own along with black strap molasses
Smells of licorice, tobacco, chocolate, and smoke.
Aroma is nutty caramel malt with a touch of spicy hops
Smelled of captivating dark chocolate, calm and high quality roasty wood tone, some dark and roasted sort of spice, and faint molasses notes.
Smelled subtle and refined and well-done like a good wine.
S- Citrusy hops and sweet malt.
Pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin.
Strong aromas of pumpkin flesh with a bit of cinnamon and nutmeg to complement.
Aroma is mild, but otherwise typical of wits.
Spices, citrus, yeast.
Smells piney herbal hoppy with some rye to balance.
Smells of lemon zest, butterscotch, flowers, and slight piney hops
S- This beer has a smooth pine and orange rind hop nose that is fresh but a bit light
The bouquet expresses a bright combination of sweetly grainy malt and fresh grassy and floral hops.
The aroma is biscuits, mustiness, alcohol, and a weak grapefruit scent.
S - Heavy pumpkin pie and thick scone malt notes, with an overlaying spicy sweetness that balances the pumpkin pie notes.
Roasted caramel with hints of chocolate in the nose
smell: slight hops, but barely smelled like beer
The aroma is full of roasted malts and chocolate with fruity notes peaking through.
S: Smells mostly of roasted malts and some hints of dark chocolate
S: Piney hop aroma.
Lots of sweet malt and citrusy hop character in the aroma.
Lemony aroma, a touch of cinnamon.
Sweet and sour flavors, enhanced by aroma.
Smell is of fresh hops.
A subtle citrus waft with floral undertones
Nose is yeasty with fresh, perky noble hops.
Good for the style.
S- Sweet malty smell.
Smell of scotch ale yeast, nutty and roasted malts with caramel and a light butterscotch
Malty aroma.
Some tart berries, little bit of vanilla, some alcohol.
Smells of caramel-like malt and a presence of rye with a subtle hop backing.
Tons of coffee malts and chocolate malts as well.
Great coffee aroma.
Hints of caramel and toastiness.
Overall a great smell as well.
Smell: Malt aroma with some vanilla.
not alot here.
nose was spot on, all dark and bold, with notes of dark chocolate.
Very fruity malty aroma, with some rounded out vanilla and hoppy citrus notes.
Nose is floral and spicy hops with a touch of fruity citrus.
Aroma of pine and citrus notes balanced with a sweet malt profile made this beer seem very promising.
Nose is grainy/toasty, mildly sour and hoppy.
Smells pretty good.
Nose is equal parts smoky, sulphury and roasted.
The sulphur character comes no doubt from the heavy fermentation with lager yeast, but it blends rather smoothly and pleasantly with the smoke and dark characters to give a complete picture.
It doesn't have the deep sweetness I might expect from a Baltic Porter, but it has depth nonetheless.
Very nice.
S - Lots of hops.
A mix of piny and citrusy hops are most prominent in the aroma.
Smell is perfume and malt and grain.
Smell: Sweetness on the nose, maybe some spice; however, it is the honey like sweetness that is dominant.
smells creamy and hoppy
Aromas are vanilla, bourbon, caramel, milk chocolate, molasses, and a hint of smoke.
It also leaves a spicy tingle on the nostrils.
The initial aroma was of sharp spices and maple malts.
There's also a touch bitter of hops back there somewhere as well.
SMELL: Dynamite smell with some strong chocolate flavors and a some sweet malty notes as well.
S - hoppy citrus with pine notes, slightly yeasty
Excellent, enticing aroma of dark fruit, figs perhaps.
The aroma is liqueur like with lots of ABV presence, lots of biting hops, some raisiny notes, maybe some clove.
The smell is quite pungent and a pretty good indication of what is to come.
Lots of American hoppiness on the nose, lots of luscious fruit, citrus and a bit of pine or pepper.
There's a vaguely undermining diacetyl character, but not huge, but it is really quite reminiscent of a west coast US IPA.
Very nice.
The aroma is matly not a sweet citrus, just sugar malts with a hint of alcohol.
Nutty oil, burnt caramel malt, grassy hop and earthy aromas with hints of bitter citrus peel play on a slightly closed nose
Nose was of apple jelly and a bit of alcohol
S- Has a sweet tinge to it, typical of an ale
We start this review off with a nice dark chocolate aroma.
There is also a whiff of sweetness.
I am also getting some espresso notes in the nose as well.
Smell- dark fruits, malts a bit of hops
Bursting with jammy grapefruit aroma, intensely focused and potent with a mildly sweet malt backbone.
S: Grapefruit and earthy tones, almost like a mild manure(sorry) with a typical Belgian yeast smell underneath it all.
S - Burnt coffee, bittersweet chocolate.
Syrupy smoky resin.
S- Smell is a rich vibrant hop aroma, west coast hops to be sure.
A bit of malt backbone, but mostly just hops.
Aroma is dripping with fresh hops, I picture myself wading through a fresh mown field on the verge of an evergreen forest...was that pine sap I just felt dripping on my shoulder?
S ?€? Lots of spice, specifically cinnamon, nutmeg and something else that is hard to pinpoint.
There is the pumpkin and a little nice sweet malt overlay
Smell is of pine hops, caramel, bitter and creamy chocolate notes.
The aroma is strongly hopped and definitely has more notes of American hops than English style strong ale.
There is some bread and toast aroma beneath the grapefruit like hops.
I personally would have preferred more depth and balance.
The smell is trademark macro lager stink: corn, chemicals, and stale water.
My nose can detect some malted grain that is spoiled by the aforementioned.
The fact that I can still manage to extract some sense of straw says a little something; at least it is not completely ridden with corn
sweet syrupy nose...unappealing....empty.
S-smells a lot like boston lager.
Nothing else really here
dark munich malty aroma; very clear.
solid hop bitterness (though little to no hop flavor or aroma)
Nose of floral and citrus hops, and sweet malts.
As for the smell, it is similar to the typical adjunct lager.
Lightly hoppy, but pretty watered down.
There isn't much to it.
Smell is of a small banana at first but nice malt and a little bit of roast like sausage meat.
Slightly dry and bread like toast as well but hard to detect.
Even some faint milk chocolate after quaffing.
Great smelling beer lots going on here.
A good bit of malt in the aroma, toasted barley more than sweet caramel, not mush hop smell.
When I put my nose deep in the glass, I smelled little scent at all.
Light' nose taste doesn't even put it.
This is the chiefest disappointment of this brew, seeing as other characteristics of it are quite good.
Aroma is resionus, almost piney.
The aroma is faint, but, I detect some butter and tangy orange along with peaches and other fruits
Smells of roasted malts, coffee, and lots of chocolate.
Plenty of hops for an RIS.
Smells like Raspberry cool aid.
Aroma is typical of the style, wheaty with coriander notes.
Smell was nice - piney and that's about all I could get but that isn't a bad thing.
Rather pleasant and above average.
S- Smells sweet and fruity, the papaya is very evident.
Some fruity and piney hops are present too
Nice malty nose- sweet, toasty and nutty, with hints of molasses.
Smells heavily sweet and fruity, with notes of orange and cherry.
A bit of brown sugar and some chocolate, as well as alcohol.
Very cotton-like but fruity and strong aroma of of oranges, peaches and banana with undertones of coriander.
It also has some weak vinous accents
Tart cherry and some and light plum on the nose after a light hop presence dissipates with the foam.
S: Piney hops, christmas spices, slight alcohol.
Bready aroma with classic Belgian yeast smells.
Nothing overly complex.
Nose had a caramel malt sweetness along with a slight spiciness, kind of peppery.
Aroma is inoccuous generic american style brewpub pils...little bit of hops, little bit of malt, touch of rice.
S - Bready malt, somewhat doughy, floral, spicy hop aroma.
S- sweet and citus notes that are enticing and complement that flavor profile
The smell shows a very round maltiness, some caramel, some dark fruits, sweetness, wood and notes of scotch.
light scents with roasted malts and light hints of chocolate.
maybe a hint an vanilla in there.
Aroma is sweet caramel malts and some piney and grassy hops, but they're not particularly fragrant like in an IPA or something like that.
I also get some hints of dough, but the sweet malt is dominant.
The aroma is of tomato juice and a slight whiff of clam broth.
Smell was sweet.
A balenced malt nose, and a hint of a little spice.
Attractive aroma of dark malts (chocolate) and the standard clove and banana weiss trait.
Plastic aromas are noted as well, likely a result of this bottle's age.
Smells like Wheat and European hops, a little yeast in there too.
There is some fruit in there too, but you have to take a good whiff to get it
Alcohol very noticable in the nose.
Some lighter fruit notes and husky grain and yeast, too.
Hints of toasted malts, slight burnt edges and ever slight roastiness.
Aroma: sweet floral hoppy aroma.
Smell: Not unpleasant, but not very assertive, either.
Lacks that banana bread flavor to which I have grown accustomed with hefeweizens and is reminiscent of a lager.
Floral aroma, perfume, tangerines, vaguely spicy, crackers and oranges.
Smell: bread, caramel, and dark fruit
s - citrus and piney hops
Smells of high citrus (gf, lemon) and some leafy flower plants.
Hops are in there somewhere.
S -Earthy.
Plantains, pineapple rind, apricot
Nose is malt, citrus tones, light hints of bubble gum.
The aroma is of sweet malts and slightly turned fruit (from the alcohol
Dope funk nose, some characterized as vinegar, I got more of a fermented apple/peach juice aroma, no hops to speak of in the nose.
The aroma is raspberries, nothing else.
The aroma is not overpowering like most fruit beers.
Smell and taste both had touch of sour almost like a drop of Flemish sour.
S- Nice floral hops but not very strong.
I can tell that this beer may be a little old, not too far gone, but not fresh.
A nice a complex mixture of dark chocolate, dark fruits, caramel and nicely roasted coffee
smells like chocolate and roast with a some slight aromas of caramel.
Aroma: soft, and slightly hoppy, mostly soapy.
Minor citrus, but any hoppy kick is muted, at best
I couldn't get much from the aroma other than hops and a ton of malt.
The smell is sweet and malty, crisp and clean.
Light hops, corn, alcohol, grass in the nose.
There is a yeasty, fruity aroma with a slight bit of roasted malt.
Slight sour fruit aroma in the nose along with a touch of oak.
3.5 S: Pungent floral and citrus hops with emphasis on pineapple and grapefruit.
Not much going on malt-wise except for a touch of the standard crystal malt presence.
Still, reasonably pleasant.
S: smelled of roasted malts and chocolate a tiny bit
Aroma is of pineapple and orange juice.
Little evidence of maltiness or cloves in araoma.
Bright fruity smell of cherries and oranges.
S - I can smell malty scotch notes wafting off this like on of Speyside's finest.
Up close, this is malty as all get out, with chocolate cake, scotch whisky, flaky pie crust, pound cake, almond puree, and a hint of something darkly fruity.
Raisins, but only just.
There is also something there that is like an old guy's cologne....musty, but distantly floral.
Like old dead flowers.
The can really masks the smell of sweet, sweet hops but you'll get a whiff when you drink it.
(S)- Great spices and a creamy pumpkin aroma with the slightest hint at some dry oaky vanilla.
Smells amazing
In the aroma, big roasty malt and big coffee.
S - Fruity and spicy.
Notes of orange, peach, mango and honey.
Some alcoholic smells.
The aroma is of pale malt with hints of grassy hops and it's slightly grainy in the background.
Pleasant aroma with some roasted malt and sugary sweetness in the nose.
S: Lots of sweet Belgian malt and some nice yeast with a bit of spice.
The oak adds a really nice touch.
Nondescript smell.
Smells of mildly citrusy hops, but not a strong aroma.
Not bad, just nothing to get me very excited.
Smell a little bland; a little sweet oaty malt smell.
Smell: A not so good aroma on this one, smells alittle funky and not so much in a good way.
As it warms the cherry comes into play and redeems it somewhat
Smell, chocolaty malt, bourbon biscuits, some dried fruit slightly in the background, little bit of coffee
Weak aroma is corn and grains and a little sweet.
S: Nice smooth and mellow barrel character with minimal heat.
No harshness at all with a lot of vanilla.
The wood on this is pretty special
S: It was dominated by sweet moderately toasted malts, honey and sweet ripe oranges.
There was a hint of white yeasty bread
S: Slightly funky with a citrusy aroma.
Swish it around a bit to open up the aromas.
Smells malty and buttery with some banana and orange fruitiness in the background.
Aroma: Citrusy hops, lots of hops.
Mild butterscotch aroma, malty with a faint carbonic smell.
S-2 smell is ok hints of grain
Smell: Roasted malt and chocolate
S - The nose is huge chocolate.
The chocolate aroma is intense, sweet, roasty and spicy.
S: I did not get a lot of pronounced smells Perhaps it was a little to cold.
Smell: like white bread.
not a lot to go on in the aroma, but what was there did not remind me of other past beer smells.
Its aromas and flavor are a perfectly balanced blend of honey, hazelnut, toast, walnut, and a tad smidgen of vanilla.
Smell is sweet and biscuit with a strong sent of alcohol.
S-smells like pine, grapefruit, and salty.
good strength
The smell was kind of hidden but I could sense a little maltiness and not much else.
smell has lots of banana with lightly toasted malt spice from the yeast
Smell is mostly citrus hops, and a bit weak.
Grapefruit is the dominant fruit, but I have to reach a bit to get it.
Aroma was mostly citrus and earthy hops.
The aroma imparts notes of spice and lemon as well as strong yeast and a slight sourness.
The aroma is fair, woody and slightly roasted.
butterscotch and nutmeg and Pac NW hops are what i smell out of the gate
Smell: Delicately toasted malts with notes of cookies and grains with a rich scent of sugar-flecked citrus wedges spritzed with pine.
The aroma is of caramel with a lot of butterscotch.
I like a little diacetyl in a Scotch ale, but this is way too much.
It isn't an unpleasant, but it certainly covers up other nuances.
Dark chocolate, candy sugar, dark caramel, dark fruits, plum, raisin, Belgian yeasty aroma.
N: Coffee & Chocolate with a warming alcohol sent....
almost reminiscent of amaretto.
Smells starkly bitter, almost to the tune of some very dry wines
S - Coriander, wheat, lemons, and some earthy presence.
Pours a light amber/orange color, with a decent 2 fingers of head and some lacing Aroma is a bit lacking, with notes of chemicals, subtle hops and raspberry iced tea.
The aroma is lots of hops, seems like some cascade but that is it, not very balanced.
The light aroma of hops and light malts is present.
Pleasant aroma, soft, spicy wheat, some coriander and background notes of citrus.
Smell - Roasted malts, oak, wood, chocolate, coffee, dark fruits, whiskey, cocoa, a little vanilla and alcohol also.
caramel malts with a decently assertive hoppiness.
Smell: Aroma of caramel malt and fresh citrus fruits with lesser notes of grass and buttery diacetyl.
S- The smell fresh green pine hops is strong with a note of caramel malt in the background.
As it warms there is notes of citrus and more orange in the hops
Nose expresses citrus rind, cork, a hint of spice and a trace of something sweet; perhaps candi sugar.
Light spicy citrus hop aroma and light grainy malt aroma.
Smell has roasted malt, some chocolate and hints of coffee.
Smells bready and yeasty with just a hint of caramel malt and faint chocolate.
Surprisingly, little in the way of raspberry aroma.
The aroma reminds me of a distinctive clove smell.
The aroma delivers yeasty fruitiness, a wide caramelish-malt base, and mild English hops.
Smells of roasted and black malts with good hints of unsweetened chocolate.
As it warms the black malt aromas come out a bit more.
S - Floral and piney hops largely make up the nose.
Lots of fruits - grapefruits, light peaches, and a zesty citrus.
Nice pale malt backbone.
S: Clean grain, a snap of noble Hallertau hops.
The aroma is light mostly some skunk with a little sweetness at the end
Smell very hoppy.
Sweeter aroma's pull through as well.
Some maltiness.
It did have a slight aroma that was pleasant but faint.
At initial pour roasted aroma pleasantly filled the air.
Roasted notes mix with a touch of chocolate and coffee.
Fruity malt in the nose along with some spicy, cutting hops.
S: lightly sweet grainy, lightly grassy, plus a hint of sour dough.
A swirl manages to bring out a bit more of malt sweetness.
Understated overall but not unpleasant or 'cheap'.
Aroma is of grassy hops, maybe some malt in the background.
Coffee is the dominating smell and I love the pleasant rich and boldness.
Hints of brown sugar and molasses add some good sweetness to the aroma as well
Intriguing, brisk perfume with gingery tones that lingers all down the glass.
S: The nose is hoppy, no two ways about that.
Thick citrus is plentiful and biting.
The strength of the nose makes the ale seem like its been aged for a spell.
Aroma is of dark caramel coating raisins and plums.
Surprisingly, there is no discernible alcohol sensation in the nose.
S - Probably the best part of this beer.
Huge coffee/espresso presence.
Roasted malts, vanilla and milk chocolate.
Slight hint of alcohol.
Spice and citrus zest on the nose.
Smells like an IPA should, lots of hops, grapefruit and pine.
the nose is full of fresh malt and rum.
Nose is raisiny.
Smell - Sweet aroma
S- Floral hops and citrus smell....somewhat faint.
Smell: Sweet toasted malt, biscuit, sweet ripe berries and plums, woody oak, a little alcohol, and a very small dry peppery/earthy spice toward the end
S- Malt and spices.
Almost orange citrus hints.
The aroma is malty, sweet, and bitter.
I gave it a below average rating only because the aroma is very hard to detect, I'm forced to shove my nose down into my glass in order to pick up any scent.
A strong smell eminates, giving off a strong hop presence but also underlined by a small malt and bread presence with a hint og citrus.
S - Very yeasty, like country bread.
I also got hints of ripe fruit (banana)and some citrus.
The smell is dark and chocolatey, with mild, smoky, near-burnt caramel and a lightly acrid whiff of charred grain.
A tang of fruity, cocoa-dusted malt becomes stronger as the drink warms a bit.
S - Sweet roasted malts, some hops, slight caramel notes but lots of orange peel and apricot
The smell is clean with the exception of some corn and cheap grains.
Nose is subtle - dry with a hint of roast.
Aromas were a bit thin but had a nice touch of summery aromas including some apple, peach, pear mixed with hops.
Hoppy, some pine and citrus going for it.
A nice lighter, somewhat sweet aroma with phenol present, with some spiciness.
though the smell is a bit odd, not sure how to nail it until I tasted it.
Smell was lightly smoky
Full chocolate malt nose, hearty with nicely toasted scents and a slight fruitiness (raisin and date).
Reminds me of some simple dark sherries I've enjoyed recently.
Light orangy hop notes.
Nice chocolaty smell.
The smell featured a solid noble hop with a hint of doughy caramel grain
Aroma - Some pine hops with a light touch of citrus.
S: Pleasant, but weak.
Fresh hops and caramel.
Appealing aroma of sweet dark and caramel malts, dark fruit, and some brown sugar, along with a noticeable alcohol presence.
Smell- Sweet and malty, with a nose of cream soda (subtle and vanillalike, bordering on root beer).
Soft aromas that waft gracefully in the air.
S: Bready yeast aroma with some very strong alcohol, tropical fruit, and candy sugar.
Smell is inviting with a hint of caramel and spice, more subdued than other winter warmers I've sampled.
The aroma is quite hoppy with big citrus (tangerine, orange and lemon rind, grapefruit) character, caramel sweetness, alcohol, toasted bread, and some esters.
The aroma has a ton of sweet malts initially (notes of caramel, bourbon, toffee, turbinado sugar) along with some piney and citrusy hops in the background, along with some cocoa, pecans and almonds, dark fruits and some alcohol.
S - Aroma is a mix of piney and citrus hops and sweet caramel malts.
There is also some more background fruits mixed in as well.
sharp attack, nicely subdued chocalety sweet with dark bready smells.
S: Great rye notes!
Very biscuity and the rye adds some spiciness.
Almost exactly like fresh bake rye bread.
Lots of carbonation rushes up from the glass and the hops provide a nice crispness.
Smells of prunes and then some more prunes.
This is accompanied by a slight astringent alcohol with a light raisin and a bunch of other dark fruits.
The dark fruit emphasis seems to be lacking balance.
Slightly earthy aroma with hints of pine and grassy hops along with some sweet pale malt notes.
Hints of biscuit and light caramel along with some light fruit, especially apricot.
S: The ale has a bubblegum clove aroma that is quite sweet.
S: Wonderful aromas of orange peel & spice.
Much more aromatic then most Wit's I've come across.
Smell: Aroma of pale malts with a hint of sugary caramel.
The hops (Chinook, Sterling, and Cascade) throw off notes of fresh florals, citrus fruits, and (lightly) pine.
It had an unusual smoky aroma that contained green olives, wood, toasted malts, and a hint of caramel.
Then toward the bottom, the aroma started to get sour.
What an odd aroma!
Smells a little bit orange and hay.
Very mild and a touch metallic.
The nose is clean and hoppy.
Fresh citrus, light pine, and a bit of caramel lingers.
Smell is tart, fruity funk with some spicey notes.
Grapes, cherry, figs, and other fruity notes.
Curious metallic note in there as well.
The aroma is sharp.
The cherry is there up front, and underneath the malt.
But there is also a small bit of acrid aroma that I can't quite place.
At the smell some fruitiness (orange), honey, some flowers.
Some spiciness, too.
Decent smell, but nothing remarkable.
S- Sweet roast malts.
Sweet smooth fruity belgian aroma, of oranges and refreshing berries, tantilizing.
Sweet oranges, peaches, and grapes.
smells very spicy.
i can smell the cinnamon for sure, some gingery smells also.
very malty aroma.
nose - holy oak bombs batman!
some bourbon and alcohol coming in behind.
The aroma is wonderful.
Its a very full hop smell.
The smell is strong, but not off putting, most likely due to the choice in hops.
On the nose and palate, this beer is just a thing of beauty.
The beer displays a striking aroma of honey, bees wax and white pepper.
Aroma is a blast of cascade hops (grapefruit, citrus), some floral esters as well.
The aroma was lacking, almost nonexistent.
Wonder why
INTENSE, HUGE nose of Sweet Malty Grains, like when my dad used to take me to the Grain Elevator as a kid as well as slight licorice notes and alcohol at the edges as well as caramelized sugar.
S: Caramel malt with a grainy smell.
Also a bit of a fruity smell closer to dark fruits
The aroma was a clean, bread and caramel affair.
A slight toasted malt was noticed
Smell of big piney grapefruit and malt in the back.
S - very fruity nose, plums, cherry, not overly spicy, but some there
S - All I could smell is the toffee malts.
Smells of the quintessential 'Belgian' yeast rounded out by honey and apples
Authentic Belgian smells, with some light fruits, yeast, farmhouse.
S - Mmm, intense hoppyness...citrusy, perfumey hops.
Smell - Stale coffee.
Very dry
Smell: Big time coriander with a floral hop in the back, fresh oranges with a hint of ester.
Smell: Slightly sweet with a hint of grains.
Overall a quite pleasant aroma.
An British-like demeanor chases this beer from the early nose of yeast fruits, hearty caramel malts, and spicy hops until its earthy linger of lupulin, nutty grain, and mild attenuation in finish.
S - Sour, acidic, peaches, citrus and a little funk.
Pretty damn awesome smell
The nose is sweet and spicey, focusing on clove and brown sugar in abundance.
Smells surprised me the most, with a major citrus scent and some follow up of Belgian yeast strains.
Smell: A hop concoction of fruity esters (pineapple and grapefruit) and floral attributes (a light touch of wild flower aroma)
Nose is ripe with fruity esters, loads of apples, strawberries, a hint of spice.
S-Spicy hop notes up front backed up by a healthy dose of roasted malt, chocolate and a hint of raisin
The aroma was mildly roasty with a whiff of graininess.
Smells are primarily of citrus, perhaps a touch of lemon, some wheat/grains, and a bit of spice.
Not very strong aromas overall.
Aromas of floral hops, grains, citrus, and there's something there I just couldn't put my finger on.
LIttle spicey too.
Aroma is of dark sweet fruit and a hint of coffee.
Strong malty aroma with a bit of spicy hops.
S: Not quite overwhelming, but not exactly faint bourbon and oak up front.
A little chocolate and coffee underneath
The aroma has an orange (corriander?
) feel with a small hoppiness.
Slightly earthy.
Rich roasted chocolately smell.
Some coffee.
Great scent, very deep bitter aromas, a lot of citrus tones and a slight pine tinge.
Really have to work hard for an aroma, palest corn syrup.
Expressive smells of chocolate, brown sugar, sugared fruits and caramel.
Aroma of bitter roasted malt is quite powerful.
No really, it actually tastes and smells like fresh vomit.
Smell: Sweet caramel malt, citrus hops, sweet flowers
Aroma: Very biscuity, crisp, caramelized malts and a handful of herbal hoppyness.
Simplistic, but pleasant.
Oatmeal cookie aroma along with the roast coffee, lots of sugar dust.
Smells enticingly like sweet citrus and gushing grapefruit, tropical pineapple/papaya, and a bit of pine.
ooo ....
Very nice aroma.
The smell was very west coast hops, lots of grapefruit and some pine needle resin mixed together.
Smelled sweet, like blackberries (like the label says).
S - Fruity & hoppy.
Very pleasant.
S: Corona meet Heiny on the smallest level, then throw in some mich golden for good measure.
essentially nothing.
S- Light citrus and hops.
Not a very strong aroma
Smell: Fresh and surprisingly bitter and hoppy with just a little bit of sweetness balancing everything out.
S: a pretty decent level of lager-maltiness comes before a mildly floral-hoppy note and the decent sweet starfruity/lemony note of a well-lagered beer, while a swirl wakes up a mildly doughy touch.
Alas, apart from these the aroma has nothing else to show.
Inviting and rich aroma of baked rhubarb, honey, ripe fruit and hoppy bitters.
The aroma is tart lemons.
Nose is full of cracked pepper and tart and spicy yeast phenols.
Buttered bread lurks underneath.
Powdery malt.
Open yeast packets.
The nose is really nice and chocolatey.
Really love the level they've used.
Under that, a bit of roasted malt but this was mostly about the chocolate.
Smell is chocolate and caramel malts, hint of noble hops.
Malty sweetness is very prevalent.
Smell: Quite sweet with banana, yeast and citrus dominating with just a hint of phenols.
Aroma of light malts and a side order of skunk.
In the aroma, yeasty and candy sugar.
Smell of citrus hops with some cherry, i think it was.
Not very strong, but consistent.
Smell: Vague odor of caramel malt and noble hops, but very vague
Smell: Malted milk chocolate and hazelnuts; rather bready
the smell was great and probably was my favorite part of this beer.
Malty, bitter, chocolate smell.
Not overpowering but impressive.
The aroma screams Dunkelweizen; the banana, clove, and sweet malt notes are all at the fore.
Aroma has hints of licorice, brown sugar and molasses with enough espresso and cocoa to go around.
Some pine-like hops balance things out nicely.
Nicely hopped, somewhat agressive with lots of pine and some grapefruit rind.
Floral pine and a little grassy.Not alot there, but pretty decent.
Smells pleasantly malty with nice notes of vanilla.
The beer smells strongly of bakers chocolate with a touch of coffee and even some dark fruit.
There's also some noticeable booze, but it's nothing horrible.
I'm also getting a touch of sourness, but this isn't infected - more of an acidity from the roast.
Smells is robust, salty, smoky, earthy, maybe some brown sugar, dirty coffee hints of caramel and that slight anise character typical in some RIS, but subtle and perfectly executed.
Oak, vanilla & burnt cocoa aromas surge from the glass.
Nose is caramel sweet, with a suggestion of black tea aromas.
The nose is malty, with lots of chocolate, caramel.
Smell is a nice blend of sweet and hop-sharp with the hops edging out by a bit.
A fairly unique aroma of barbeque malt and piney hops, very palatable blend.
nice rich smell.
S - Huge West Coast nose with piney and grapefruit hops supported by caramel malt.
Big pungent hop nose.
S: Mostly Belgian yeast, a bit of dark fruit, and slightly sour peaches.
It sounds awkward, but it works.
s: sweet bannana aroma, yeasty smell that all hefes have is very present and very nice
Mildly piquant with scents of ripe fig and tropical fruits.
Deep in the nose with an over-abundance of malt syrup and caramalized pear.
S- Smells like sugary sweet raisons with a hint of alcohol.
S - Very strong bread upfront with some faint hop bitterness to the finish.
The smell is amazing - a wonderful combination of citrus hops and some other fruity sweetness that I can't really place.
The aroma is a little bit nutty with a hint of cocoa.
Pretty enjoyable to sniff this guy.
The aroma is yeasty and grape upfront, then floral, sweet molasses and fig.
This does finish up with an herbal/metallic characteristic.
A very fruity, tangerine like odor gave the impression of beer freshness
Aromatics are a blend of biscuity malt, pine sap, citrus fruit, and pineapple skin.
Not incredibly pungent or floral, but square on and crisp for a standard IPA.
Smell- Not especially strong but you can really smell tones of malt, with a roasted, nutty flavor as a pleasant after taste.
The sour scent from the citrusy orangey hops rises up from the fruity appley malt base.
S - Bready, some hops, dense fruit
S - Lots of roasted malt - coffee, chocolate, some caramel.
Some bourbon and oak in the back of my nose.
The fresh, pleasant hop aroma wafts from the glass featuring floral scents and citrus zest.
Also a hint of straw or grass, and just a touch earthy.
S - Belgian yeast with citrus notes some funk and some spice
Aroma was mostly of sweet malts, with hint of vanilla and some spice
The aroma was rich with sweet malt, candied dark fruit and an earthiness that invoked images of being outdoors in a forest.
S: Lots of rye bread, caramel, a little wet blanket and some black peppercorns
S: Coffee beans, bitter chocolate, oatmeal, and toasty notes.
Smell: Very mild malt smell, kind of English.
Where is the hop smell
Very faint in the nose, some grass and hay but very faint.
Some spiced alcohol but you really got to look for it to notice.
Aroma is filled with earthy, nutty, malty goodness.
Smell: A huge dose of bread pale malts.
There is a huge blast of very citric hops
Aroma is coffee, chocolate, and dark fruit.
The 09 had more toffee caramel and butterscotch notes.
The 10 had more malt roastiness and hops.
S-Sweet malt blending well with a fairly pungent peppery hop aroma.
S: Not sure what that smell is -- first thing that comes to mind is corn syrup and maybe sweet malt; no, make that over-sweet malt.
Citrus notes and some acidity are definitely noticeable in the beer.
Smell was buttery sort of ringwood aroma (do they use ringwood?
) and some rotten lemon.
Not terribly appealing
Smells like bread, not much else.
Spicy aroma with hints of cinnamon and brown sugar along with hints of crisp light fruit, pepper, hops and caramel malt.
This beer smells more like a marzen to me.
However, the caramel-coffee smell was very savory, and hard to put down after a drink.
Very fruity, malty aroma has a hint of hops.
Very light on the smell, hints of chocolate and roasted malt.
A light golden brown pour with a malty, musty aroma.
The smell is sour and earthy.
S: Plenty of roasted malt characteristics alongside a nice blend of coffee and chocolate.
Smelled kind of metallic, vanilla and malt backbone.
Smelled of bread and yeast, fruity...typical whit smells
Aromatics lead off with roasted malts with hints of chocolate, vanilla and nougat.
Pretty mild and meak.
(insert sound of screeching tires...) Smell was typical Grolsch Euro Trash - sour, without anything balancing.
Please don't smell this beer if you have one.
S: Not much of a nose from this bottle.
Coffee and caramel or toffee.
Aroma is very mild wheat and subtle spice completely dominated by artificial orange.
Smells like Tang.
Nose was subdued, malty, with some peaty notes.
The nose is sugar, molasses, bread, and a bit of alcohol.
Smell: Off musty / rotten flavors that you expect from corked wine; I have sampled in the neighborhood of 30-50 bottles of Cantillon in my life and this is the first one that has been 'bad', I knew almost instantly that something was amiss
S: Lots of hops and barley.
Lots of citrus with just a small sprinkling of malt.
S: Nose is rather musty and musky, some yeast and wheats filter in, a sweet character comes through and a bit of earthiness.
S: A very pleasant citrus hop aroma of grapefruits and oranges along with a very nice pine note.
A bit of sweet caramel malt underneath.
S-Piney/Grapefruit Hops.
That's about it, the low spot of the beer.
Smell- Bold, no-holds-barred display of coriander spice and orange peel...
fresh and spritzy, Allagash doesn't disappoint here.
Really nice.
Smell has some floral fruitiness and a light pine scent but not super hoppy.
Its more of a malt sweetness with some nice carmel toasted toffee scents.
There is a grainy solvent like smell that tips you off to the higher ABV.
Sweet yeast, apples, grapes, fruit, honey.
The aroma is toasted grain, a hint of caramel and just a faint trace of grass and citrus
Incredible maple/malt aroma.
S: Redolent of pear, apple, and banana.
Wheat and grain provide the malt foundation, and there's a light phenolic note that reminds me of clove.
Sweetness is at an upper light level.
Aroma was a little bread like with a different mix of hops that I didn't care for, just didn't seem right.
Smell - Malts, caramel, hops, grapefruit
S-- caramel and toffee roasted malts
Subdued roasted malt smell mixed with some toasted and sweet malt smells as well.
S: It smells so good and fruity i think it going to be sweet it smeels like cherys and other fruits
Smell is similar to darkness with the sweeter fruit aromas coming through.
Smells very citrusy/hoppy and scared me originally when I sniffed it.
Had all the makings of a pale ale nightmare.
How happily wrong I was.
The aromas are earthy, grassy, lemon, and feature a tart yeasty aspect which is quite interesting.
) it is a medium dark colour (for a 'pale' ale) rich and inviting, with a more maltly aroma, but also a bit sulphury from the 'burton water' that characterises this style and origin of the beer.
A cherry cough drop aroma to it, some malts and grains there too, not bad.
The aroma is a pleseant toasted nut.
S: Big aromas of bitter dark chocolate, fudge brownies, and dark fruit drizzled with chocolate.
No scent to speak of.
Smells like molasses, brown sugar, toasted bread, and roasted nuts
The smell is very fresh, herbaceous and floreal (roses?
), with cream, cereals (oats).
Cool sour wet horse blanket notes on the aroma that are mostly in aroma, not so much in the actual taste.
A: chocolate, coffee, and malts
Smell punches you in the face with nutmeg and cinnamon; not quite what I'm looking for, to be frank.
The aroma is alcohol, wheat, citrus and surprisingly, some darker fruit
Smell is of grassy hops,and fruit.
Aroma is of sweet maltiness with chocolate and caramel notes.
Smells heavy of grapefruit and citrus, little maltiness.
A great complex aroma, with orange, bread, and piney hops.
Nose is caramel cookie malts, cooked veggies, and spicy, if a bit mild, hops.
There is citrus, caramel, pine, and malt in the nose Taste is citrus, floral, caramel, pine but a lot of caramel.
S - Strong fruity/ spicy aroma of plums, raisins, almonds, bananas, cloves, black pepper, anise, and a moderate level of wet, mossy, earthy funk.
Spectacularly complex aroma.
In the aroma, coffee and chocolate that is quite pronounced.
S - Pumpkin, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg.
Standard nose for a pumpkin ale but not overly spiced, which many are.
S-Piny hops,Gingerbread,mulling spice and toasty malt.This definitely smells like the holidays.Not overdone on the spice though.Hops are still a main player.
Dark brown color....creamy texture in the mouth....medium bodied....huge sweet melted milk chocolate aroma....also some powdered hot cocoa mix..
S: Warming hops fill the nose, mostly floral and a hint of citrus and maybe pine.
A bit of sweet caramel malts, too.
Balanced but tiny.
S: I pick up mostly banana bread and grapefruit, with a bit of hop aroma.
Malty smell along with some basic spice notes.
Smell ?? The big, citrus hops did this bouquet proud.
They didn't run away with the nose though, as this ale has a wonderful malty base and a good sense of alcohol.
This beer, according to McCashin's, is a 'late hopped pale ale.' In practical terms--at least to my nose/tongue--that results in a very raw hoppiness.
The aroma has a bit of 'off' scented hops.
Not bad, but not the a pleasant hop variety in terms of aroma.
A lot of malt comes through but it's well balanced.
Other than classic Belgian yeast must, a nasally refreshing wintergreen lends almost physical coolness that can also be perceived as clean lemon.
It could also even be clean pine, but not in a hoppy way
S - pretty noticeable citrusy and grassy hops.
some other fruity esters and mildy sweet malts.
I was impressed with the aroma, and the affordability and taste made it a must have for my next dinner party.
Mildly sweet corny smell and a consistant lager taste.
It smells of bitter roasted coffee, and a little salty, peaty seaside essence.
The nose is very sweet and very malty.
Roasted malts take over the nose at first, but chocolate and coffee notes battle it out.
Not overly complex nose, but a solid one nonetheless.
The smell is sweet malt,floral, and 'bisquity'.
smell: more subdued than DFH Punkin or Weyerbacher Imperial in the nutmeg, cardamom space.
a distinctive toffee in the nose.
Bright citrus orange and tangerine hops with a good balance of malts and the hops
Smell - light wheaty and orange/citrusy smell to it.
S - rye, molasses
Smelled of roasty almost burned coffee, along with some sweet mocha chocolate notes.
Nice strong smelling brew.
S - Smells like a macrolager with an almost metallic tang
Smell is like a tripel, with solvent and fruity smells, but it also has a distinct dirty socks smell that is very disturbing.
Aroma: Strong hop aroma coming out of the pour, citrus hops as is typical among American IPAs.
A nice smelling IPA, it previews what its going to bring
The aroma was comprised of sweet malt, maple syrup, and caramel.
Aromas of lightly roasted malts, some lighter toffee and a light earthy hoppiness
Spicy and citrusy on the nose.
The smell is light and spicy with a hint of alcohol.
Smell: I picked up a lot of smells, but mostly a peach/apricot smell
Light chocolate and caramel.
Big roasted malts, light fruity hops.
Faint vinous notes.
Rich brown sugar on the nose, underpinned by earthiness and a c-hop backing.
A touch of alcohol too, but that's to be expected.
s - smoky spicy and slightly alcoholic.
caramel malts with a little sweet fruitiness
s: had a nice citrus smell with a ton of booze, and I mean a ton...
The nose comprises orange zest, toffee, caramel, flowers, and light bright greens (you know, the part of the lettuce head that has the least amount of vitamins and whatnot).
S - Smokey with notes of Caramel
The nose on this beer is very nice.
Fresh hops and a slight malt sweetness.
The nose almost reminds me of Long Trail's Porter (brewery only) in that the hops dominate the malts outright.
Nose shows bold milk chocolate by the truckload along with cocoa and some soft roasted malt.
Some spicy hops are evident in the background - just.
That chocolate is awesome
S- somewhat light, a sweet toasty malty smell with a very light hop aroma
Aromas of bread, cereal and light hops.
S: Very strong apricot and citrus aroma, gave way to a rather strong alcohol waft when swirled in the glass.
The scent is of tantalizing Dutch dark chocolate and roasted malts.
The aroma was one of malty sweetness and some fruitiness as well.
Smell: Pungent bouquet of fruit, mostly pear, and a wisp of alcohol.
Very enticing.
Smell - Definitely an IPA, by the good amount of floral aroma that hits your nose.
Also has a piney scent.
This is a very pleasant smelling beer.
Mildy sweet with malts and hint of spices.
Aromas of sweet malt, caramel some fruitiness and a nice hop presence.
Nice hop aroma.
S: Curiously devoid of any real odors.
As the beer warmed up, I did detect the faint hint of cherries.
The smell is strong with apples and Beligan yeast and spices.
The aroma smells floral and citric, with a good bit of chocolate mixed in.
Roast pushes up from underneath giving this a light crunchiness in the nostrils
S: Raisins, smoke and coffee primarily.
S: Malty aroma is large with the smell of toasted malt, toffee, figs, and sharp/sweet alcohol.
The bouquet is fairly formidable, with all of these scents coming together nicely, reminiscent of an Old Ale in smell.
Faint toasted malt smell, but couldnt really notice anything else in the aroma.
The smell is the best part of this beer.
A citrus sourness with light caramel tones.
Nose is thick vanilla bourbon, with heavy malts and oak alcohol.
S: Some lemon zest and perhaps some other spices and fruits.
Very fresh.
The nose is on the light side, roasted malts, and caramel.
S: Subdued hop aroma, some malty and grainy notes in the nose that remind me of a subtle English pale
S- Dark chocolate, creamy, sweet, oats, dark malts, hints of vanilla
Robust aromas of roasted malt and chocolate float from the glass with dark fruits appearing as it warms.
Chocolate aromas permeate at the close
Oaky wood galore.
Bursting with fresh wood aromas.
Hints of caramel, alcohol, earth, honey, tropical fruits and hints of vanilla.
Just huge on wood.
S - Dark fruits like raisins and figs and a healthy dose of dark malts.
A bit of spice and yeast also presents itself in the nose
Aroma - Nice spicy fruitiness (apples, pears, light orange), salty notes, some yeastiness, light coriander just coming through, grassy, hay, light vanilla notes, some soapiness...
S: Very good roasted, malty aroma.
Astringent cidery aroma, some sense of tanin-like pops.
Aroma is comparable to a fresh Stone barleywine, meaning lots of wet herbal hop character and a smallish trace of bready, caramel malt.
Aroma is primarily light caramel malt with a touch of floral hops in the background
Aroma is of a fruity fermentation, metals, sweet amber malts, butterscotch, and some phenolic alcohols.
Has a nice, smooth smell to it, but nothing special.
S: Light aroma.
Most smells were non-distinguishabe.
S: It had aromas of sweet lightly toasted malts, with hints of caramel and the smoll
Low aroma-sort of a nutty, sweet malt smell.
The coffee aroma was intense!
The roasted goodness almost overwhelms my sense of smell.
Smell is biscuity malts with caramel, dark fruits, orange, grass, belgian esters.
Its aroma is mostly of yeast with a little spice and wheat.
I was greeted by a yeasty, sweet nose- undertones of lemon and assorted hints of sweet natural fruity citrus tunneled through the head all the while spreading notes of malted grains.
A background of alcohol kept the doors of beer perception cleansed....
Smell: Big coffee, cream, very dark chocolate, slight woody, slight dark fruit.
Aroma of wheat, light fruits.
It smells like it looks, roasted grain
The nose was weak...hints of malt and caramel.
S- huge citrus in the nose - mostly orange, hops as well, a nice smelling ipa
Aroma was roasted malts, chocolate, coffee, rather earthy like most Rogues I have tried.
S: Dark fruit & weird juicy fruit scents
S - Hops and malts are bold, with some light fruits and brown sugar
It's a very unique smell - lots of spice and a whole lot going on.
Big aromas of clove, spice, banana, with some faint hops in the tail as well.
Smells caramel malty and mildly roasty.
S - sweet caramel malt aroma.
I can smell a blend of coffee and vanilla...smells sweet.
The aroma is dominated by boozy warmth, caramel, nutty malts, and a hint of vanilla.
S: The nose has a thick vinous aroma punctuated with some oily hops and an alcohol aroma that doesn't hide its strength.
Caramel and apricots in the nose.
Very strongly smelling beer, smells of spices and a bit of banana.
Aromatics are lively, zesty, and enticing.
Phenols with spice and fruit.
Coriander, orange peel, cardamon, and some slight cracked pepper accent the triple- type nose.
Some slight tartness is in the background, a shadow behind the bubblegum and spice.
Nose finishes with warming zest and vanilla.
The aroma is grassy and hoppy.
It seems a little muted by the head, but it's still strong.
There is a note of resiny sweetness.
Initially the nose is mildly floral, with hints of lemon zest and bubblegum, but it becomes a bit sour as the beer warms.
Smells like...
not much -- maybe a hint of malts, hops, and/or grasses -- but at least it's not obnoxious.
The smell is great, with a rich spiciness and some cedar and a trace of hops.
Mostly some light malts in the nose and I didn't detect much else going on.
S: Phenols, red berries, malt, fudge, sweetness.
Smell: The aroma was mostly malty, caramel, with a noticeable backbone of spicy hops.
smell is certainly a blend of the styles, but surprisingly to me, the belgian yeast overpowered the hop elements.
Smell: Bready aroma with a slight hint of malt.
Unfortunate vegetable smells, especially a strong corn presence.
Smell ?? not exciting on the nose; every note seems to be muted; spice initially then the chipotle weaves and blends with the spice
S - Sweet caramel malt and fresh, pungent hops with just the slightest whiff of apricots.
You can tell this is a fresh bottle, the hop aromas are unbelievable
Smell is malty with a fruity smell, also has a grassy grainy scent.
Smells like someone dropped a piece of birthday cake frosting in some Stroh's.
The aroma of the beer is very complex with definite tones of the spruce in it and spicy notes.
The aroma is thin and sour, yeasty and lemony - way lemony.
Nice aroma, particularly as it warmed - hoppy, malty, and spicy.
The aroma was pleasant, as malt, yeast, and grassy tones were present.
Appearance: Black, Opaque, fantastic head retention with tiny bubbles.
Clean, mildly fruity smell understates the amazing taste of this beer.
The aroma was very strong of cherries and carbon-dioxide, almost like Cheerwine!
Smell is a sweet milk chocolate mixed with a nice toasted oat aroma...lots of malt in the nose.
Smells lightly of hops, plus some alcohol and malt.
Clove is the first aroma that I notice, but there are others present as well, including fermented apples and pears with an underlying mustiness, hay and a hint of white pepper.
S: Wow, the nose on this beer is phenomenal.
Tons of vanilla, bourbon, maple syrup, brown sugar, caramel, and toffee provide a wonderful sweetness.
Some miscellaneous dark fruit notes and chocolate fill in the background of the aroma.
S: Choc., oak, smoke, licorice
Quite fruity and spicy smelling, ginger and clove on dried raisins and prunes.
Brown sugar and raw apple with a bit of cake batter malt aroma but the spice tries to hide it.
SMELL rich, sweet, malty, chocolate, maple, booze, faintly roasty.
The nose is nice and hoppy, floral and citrus notes are pretty prevalent.
Just a bit of sweetness to.
The smell was amazing- dark fruit, caramel, malty but a bit boozy too.
Of course with 14% alcohol you probably should expect that.
Rich malty aroma laced with hints of spicey noble hops.
Smell - coffee, hint of chocolate, alcohol.
not too much here, serving temp might have something to do with it, the usual caramel and raisin of a wee heavy, sweet wine scent
S- slight toast and lots of pine and resiny hop aromas.
slight bit of eh...
special herb' aroma in there as well.
S - Strong aroma of hops, pine and grapefruit citrus notes as well as sweet malts.
S - Stale cereal grains dominate.
Hardly any other notes to speak of.
Very mild in strength
Nice blend of crystal malt and fresh hop.
There's a mild fruitiness to aroma...in an attractive way.
Aromas of smoke, roasted malts and some coffee.
Crisp scents, lightly spicey, very saison like.
Its aroma is a mix of blueberry cereal and wheat malt.
It's a grainy, cereal-like, dryish smell.
The blueberry is prominent,but seems artificial.
The smell is sweet, malty, lagery.
Great aroma can't seem to keep it away from the nose.
Sweet,dark,tart fruit notes,some sour cherry,earthy,spicy, with hints of currants,clove,allspice also nutty, with some Belgium yeast.
The aroma is hardcore barley malts, sweet and rich with caramel.
Hints of the alcohol level sneak in as well.
S - Aroma is full of sweet carmel malts.
There is also some nice brown sugar and bread elements.
Also, just a touch of molasses mixed in.
S: Nose is oddly of some roasted malts mingled with a hop character that is somewhat earthy.
Beautiful aroma of citrus and floral hops.
The nose is clearly smoky, expressing beechwood, amidst a sweet, bready, toasty, and caramelish maltiness.
Lots of coffee, burnt aroma.
S: Oak is very evident.
Bourbon, Chocolate, molasses, vanilla and dark malts.
Smells pretty good.
S: A lot of citrus with this one, mostly some grapefruit, a hint of pine and just a dash of herbal spicyness.
Slightly sweet from the malts but mostly as assault of hop essence.
S This smelled like a cherry pie coming out of the oven, with the strong tart cherry filling and wheat crust, no wonder my wife calls this a cherry pop tart.
Smell: smells a little bitter, any hoppy.
The smell has the traditional spice to it.
Fresh grassy ester aromas, not too cloying or artificial.
The aroma is extraordinary and complex with notes of sour fruit, tart, and apple.
Smell-sweet hop and malt aroma that is well balanced, alcohol well hidden.
The smell is a bit hoppy but with malty sweetness that was a bit surprising.
There is even a slight spicy flavor that gives a bit of a zing to the nose.
S: Strong acidic aroma, vinegar is pretty strong in there as well.
There is almost a light citrus thing going on that is nice
Barley grain smell.
A little sweet, a little weak.
S: Sweet malt with a grassy hop presence that balances it out.
Caramel malt with biscuit like characteristics
Smells of fruit and danger...
hops and grain prominent as well.
Overall, disarming.
Good nose, with caramel and brown sugar sweetness arising to greet it.
On the nose are characteristics of chocolate, citrus, pine, hop flowerm roasted malts, subtle coffee, & dark berries.
The smell is lightly roasted malts, with light hints of chocolate, anise, and wheat.
The aroma is sweet malt, citrusy hops.
Those were the best aspects of this beer as the aroma was practically nonexistent and the head faded fairly quickly.
It smells very clean but robust for the style.
S: strong musty funk, very chemical like nail polish, paint thinner, motor oil, granny smith apples, hard cider.
Smell is of toasted nuts, cocoa, caramel, and fresh bread.
Hoppy nose with citric notes.
Pleasant, but not alot to speak of.
Straight up raspberry aroma.
Not too surprising, but fairly powerful.
S - Malty and caramel/toffee with very slight hints of fruit.
Classical British smells in Pale Ales.
Aroma is fruity and alcoholic in a familiar Belgian fashion.
S: Floral hops and citrus burst into the nostrils.
Some slight malt and pine aromas also present.
The aroma is that of raisin, plum, clove, cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar.
There may be a hint of spruce and earth.
The aroma is comprise mostly of soapy, resiny hops - far from a punch in the face of west coast bitterness, and not all that impressive compared to others within the style.
Smell was average for any other brewpub stout you might imagine.
Aroma - powdery, grainy malts, not much more.
S - smells of burnt malts, and that's about it.
rich toffee aroma.
S - Light coffee and toasted malt - kinda earthy.
S: Nice citrusy hops, lots of grapefruit on this one.
Get a hint oh booze on the nose as well
S: Scents of hops, a bit of lemon zest, grass, some mild wheat and malt in the background too
Aroma of bread, molasses, caramel, chocolate, coffee, toasted malt.
Light alcoholic sniff, plum, prune, date, licorice.
Very complex aroma.
S - Spicy citrus, wheat, cloves and a graininess.
Smell- The hop notes are estery and have a touch of floral to them.
There is some slight citrus backed up by a sweet caramel malt.
It smells great, but it is a little too subdued.
Citrus and spice in the nose, very bold and bright and uplifting with flavor...pepper and clove, coriander, lemon zest...like a witbier with a bit more cojones...
S - Smelled like cofffee, actually not just coffee but fresh ground coffee beans.
Smell: Smells strongly of dark fruits and sweet malts.
Has that Belgian yeasty smell too.
Smell- Nice typical IPA scent.
Fairly heavy pine and grapefruit scents.
Light smokey aroma.
The scent on this one is fantastic, ranging from ripe banana, fresh cut grasses, and sweet toffee.
Smell is of a rich malt with toffee, hard candy, bitter hops, along with a sugary sweetness.
smells like bubblegum, cherries, and bread.
there is also a wine smell, like what you would smell if you left a red wine bottle open for a few weeks with just a little bit in the bottom, kind of like wine yeast, i guess
S: Coffee up front, then one has to search for the bourbon, kind of disappointing, but still great scents.
Some nice chocolaty hints, along with vanilla.
There's a very nice malty scent mixed with grape.
Scent/Look best parts of this brew.
As for aroma, if you love coffee and beer, its the best of both worlds, a very fresh strong full roast coffee blended with (and almost overtaking) a solid, classic stout nose, with the toasty, chocolate malts.
The aroma is all spice: nutmeg and coriander, not a good start.
S - Intense citrus hop aroma balanced with some sweet caramel maltiness.
S- Very sweet floral, slightly citrusy aroma.
Smells like a clean pale ale
S: Very nice - tropical fruit, apricot and a touch of pine.
May be a hint of cat pee too, so I knocked it down to 4, ultimatley; at first I thought 4.5 - 5
Smell: Yeast and fresh orange peel, but as the beer warms up the smell really diminishes
smells good, but doesn't quite smell like a doppelbock.
faint malt with black tea, nondescript sweet fruits, alcohol tingle on a very deep whiff.
It smelled like light roasted barley with faint lemon hops and chocolate and smoke.
Spicy and very bright and floral in the nose (high grade marijuana buds) with malts present in the background.
Aroma is malty, grassy, hoppy, and bready beer.
Smell is of brown sugar, caramel, golden raisins, light vanilla, doughy yeast with notes of melons and bananas.
Aroma: Smells like malts and wheat, maybe a little fruitiness in the background.
Between the pour and the aroma, this is shaping up to be a lot like Stone Soup, which I hope it isn't, because I didn't love that.
The scent is sweet, with some honey, yeasty, candy, spiciness, some clove, maybe a touch of apple.
Smell is more sweet than hoppy, not very piney.
The smell is wheat and fresh hay; citrus fruits in background (citron?
), and orange peel, strong.
Thick wheaty, banana flavor with lots of clovey yeast smell too.
Very big strong hef smell with a light lemony wheatiness as well.
The hop smell was excellent and enticing.
Smell is great too, lots of pine, fruit, malt, and a distinct hop, Taste follows through, very bitter and first, but not so much as it continues to set in on the tongue.