The nose is sweet and spicy and the flavor is malty sweet, accented nicely by honey and by abundant caramel/toffee notes.
There's some spiciness (especially cinnamon), but it's not overdone
The finish contains a moderate amount of bitterness and a trace of alcohol.
There wasn't any lacing to be seen and for the most part, that was the taste too.
Lots of starch like potato chips or crackers with just a hint of clove, bubble gum, and banana here.
Nowhere near as pronounced as its German counterparts and the aftertaste could hardly be detected either.
Has a major coffee-like taste with hints of chocolate.
If you like black coffee, you will love this Porter.
Big roasty character on the taste.
In between I'm getting plenty of dark chocolate and some bitter espresso.
It finishes with hop bitterness.
Taste is hoppy, with loads of pine-y bitterness, but also citrus flavors including grapefruit and ...
Is that a hint of tropical flavor?
Maybe some pineapple.
You see some nice malt/hop balance in quite a few of the better DIPAs, but this is one of the few IPAS that's both quite hoppy and well balanced
Ballast Point continues to rise in my estimation with every offering I consume.
Taste : huge flavor profile with lots of bitterness and only a little malt sweetness.
As this beer warms up the bitterness really dominates the flavor.
I'm tasting lot of subtle orange aromas
The flavor is really complex, with at least the following tastes: wheat, spicy hops, bread, bananas, and a toasty after-taste.
T - A lot of tropical fruit and white grapeskin flavor like gooseberry w/ a mild pineapple and sweet pine w/ herbs, tea and lychee w/ a hint of mango.
The flavor is accented by sweet but not syrupy malt that accompanies a mild pear and pine taste w/ very very light minty clean elements.
the taste of citrus is there but enveloped by papaya and passionfruit w/ an alcohol flavor and resinous slightly bitter finish.
The finish is semi-dry w/ a refreshing flavor -more than any other single hop ale I have had.
Tastes like it smells fairly bitter but well balanced
The beer base is a stanard sour Belgian beer with tart berry notes, hints of vineous and woodiness and a hint of funk.
The body lacks the firm malt base for a Flanders, but not candy-sweet enough for a Kriek but does show subtle character of both.
A mild malt base struggles to support the sourness and cherry flavors but does keep the beer from complete astringency and thinness.
Hops are light, but do show some American citrus notes which I find quite pleasant.
Somewhat lemony and berry-like to go along with the added fruits.
I could taste the hops towards the middle, but the beer got pretty nasty towards the bottom.
Flavor is quite sweet malt with a nice hoppiness coming through on the finish to help balance it.
HOwever, this is mostly watery and not very flavorful
Taste: Coffee, Chocolate, and a slightly estery yeast flavour.
There's definitely a lot of hops that were thrown in the boil.
Caramel malt front dominated by a nice floral hop backround.
Grapefruit tones.
Very tasty hops run the show with this brew.
Taste is mostly of coffee with a little dark chocolate.
It starts sweets, but ends with the dry espresso taste.
T - The same above, but add in light alcohol.
The flavor is not bad, with a good caramel backbone supporting a piney hop background.
T: it has a nice maltiness, but is still bitter.
you can definitely taste the hops.
it is bitter and piney, and has some citrus in the middle.
there is a nice bitterness in the end.
Taste is a sharp spicey hop over a light grainy malt--very melded together, not much going on, but satisfying.
As the beer warmed some slight lemony flavors crept in.
Tastes like roasted grain with some malty goodness
The first taste was a very spicy and tart flavor that made me question, like many other Belgian beers I had tasted recently, was this made from apples and hard cider.
It's smooth sweet flavor contrasted well with the lambic which I thought may have needed more time to settle.
The taste was fairly hoppy, but not overbearing.
There was a lot of maltiness to balance it.
Taste is nicely balanced.
Malty caramel and pale malts upfront mix with a piney citrusy bitterness in the back.
Not over the top in bitterness, but a hop fix with a nice malt backbone.
Taste is quite understandably coffee grounds, however not as dominantly as I would assume.
The coffee blends fairly well alongside milk chocolate, dark chocolate, and espresso.
There is also some molasses-sweetness and a chocolaty aftertaste.
It would be hard to drink several of these due to the infusion of coffee, but something I would drink again.
T- This beer has a smooth dry soft wheat flavor with a nice soft pine note and citrus zest note at the end.
As the beer warms there is a nice dry spice warmth that taste faintly of coriander
D- This beer has a nice dry yet fruity crisp taste to it that overs a nice refreshing change from so many bland wit beer.
T - Fruity raspberry is far too syrupy with a lingering corn syrup finish.
Light wheat in the background balanced just a bit but it's overly fake in it's flavor profile.
It almost seems as if lemonade is blended in.
Tastes of hops mainly and some orange in there as well.
Mainly it's a bitterness that hits your tongue.
It's not overwhelming by any means, it's just the main flavor/feel on the tongue.
T - clean; nice pilsner finish
Taste - There is a big sweetness off the bat with this barleywine, that doesn't really fade too much.
Alcohol flavor lasts throughout also, with the same characteristics of the smell here as well.
Cherry, plum, and raisin dominate the palate.
Kind of one dimensional in terms of flavors
T- Well the bourbon takes the lead and never gives it up, this is not to say that its all booze.
Lots of some of the roastiest malts this tongue has ever come across and a blackstrap molasses sweetness.
Port soaked dark fruit and bruleed brown sugar on top.
The wood plays a nice earthy role and adds some faint vanilla
T & M: Wow this is a tart tripel.
The one the thing on the taste that I noted was the strong hints of cherry.
There isn't a lot going on with the first sip - more than anything else it comes across with a crisp finish.
Maybe I don't know what to look for with the chamomile, but I can't taste it at all.
The taste was bittersweet.
Dark chocolate, roasted malt, a bit of molasses all balanced by a spicy hop aftertaste that lingered rather nicely.
This beer got more complex as it warmed with a smokiness and hints of currant and licorice.
For taste this beer starts off initially with its big strong malts showing off some bittersweet chocolate, and a nice roasty flavor with almost a little smoke intertwined in there.
Following some of the dark fruits shine through with almost a bit of tart sourness, but those flavors are quickly overwhelmed by more dark malts and a little coffee.
T: I was very impressed with this beer.
I usually am not a big fan of fruit flavors in beer, but this beer was definetly an exception.
The blueberries were never overwhelming, and were definetly an awesome touch to this stout
The taste is sweet with lots of licorice and molasses before the burnt malts take over in the middle.
The finish is dry and boozy with a lingering bitterness from the charred malts.
Delicious and with a lot of finess when considering the malt profile.
Though strong in alcoholic taste, the firm maltiness delivers a mild toffee taste along with a lot of melanoidin flavors of bread crust, savory caramelization, and succulent fresh bread flavors.
With just enough herbal and floral hop flavor to decorate the peripheries of malt flavor and with the slightest offset from sweetness, the beer shies away from sweetness in favor of true malt flavor in finish.
Sweetness is lightly amplified by the fruity/floral flavors of orange blossem, apple pie, and marmelade.
A hint of oily feel comes out of the toffee-buttery note and may offer the slightest of distractions.
The rich and savory melanoidin notes of the beer definately set it appart from other beers of it's type that don't take as much care.
T- There really wasnt a lot of taste.
Just a little taste of bananas.
Then again, a very little taste.
Almost like drinking water.
Watered down taste of a cold lager.
Taste: piney, malty, and citrus/grapefruit notes on the palate.
The ingredients fit the style fine, but could have a cleaner taste that is more noticeable
The taste is very appealing.
Accent on the hoppy with the malt bringing up a close second.
There's a grapefruit rind bitterness in the finish.
The taste does have a surprising amount of hoppiness for a Pilsner.
There is a good maltiness to it as well, but citrus hops just slightly overpower.
This is turning out to be much of the same, with less IPA and more tripel in the smell and taste.
Not too typical for the style, more of a wheat flavor than a Hefeweizen.
Wheat malt and some citrus flavor
Smells of roasted malts and mouthfeel is quite strong in the sense that you can get a good taste of it before you even swallow.
There is a slight dryness to the aftertaste with a nice ballance of hops.
There is also a good nutty malt taste too.
T - Dark malt mostly, a mild sweet chocolate meshed with a much stronger burnt flavor.
A mild grassy/citrusy hop taste is there as well.
Aftertaste is short lived burnt flavor.
Hop taste starts with a citrusy bite, escalates further into spicy grass notes, and rounds out into brick-solid bitterness.
Just when the ride looks over, some malt creeps in to provide a little balance.
Tasty flavor of malt, chocolate, and wood with earthy hops and a touch of booziness as the beer warms.
The wood aspects re-appear at the finish with more hop bitterness and a hint of the sweet chocolate.
Flavour has strong coffee notes too, some tar and a slight smokiness.
Roasty and hoppy bitterness in the long aftertaste.
The taste brings forth a nice dose of the resiny pine hops and sweet grapefruit.
Each sip finishes somewhat sweet and slightly dry with just a touch of bitterness lingering.
I would believe you if you told me this was a hybrid of English and American IPA styles, as the hop profile seems to suggest influences from both.
The taste is a little fuller and more spicy than the aroma.
There is coriander, cardamom, and orange.
Rich almond and toffee notes, some bitter cocoa or slight espresso maybe.
Not as sweet as the nose implies, some dryness and alcohol present.
Warmingly alcoholic.
Crisp and clean with a mild inoffensive flavour.
The alcohol is almost completely hidden.
The warm comes from the mix of cinnamon, hops, and most of all spiciness.
Taste, crisp hoppy bite, some citrus notes once again, little bit of malt on the finish followed by a huge whack of dry bittering hops, very refreshing
T - Ginger and orange flavours dominate an underlying maltiness and very very low hop bitterness
T - Slightly bitter , citrus hoppiness up front with sweet, bread malt in the finish.
Nicely balanced.
The flavor is very complex, ranging from the bitter malts as a base, along with some creamy chocolate and a very light hop bitterness.
Some molasses is in there as well.
The finish is the lingering bitter malts.
T - The taste of this beer, is well, hoppy, but it is a crazy mix that it is kind of hard to pull one variety of hop from another, but it is a bitter blast, just hoped for more coherence
T - Fairly lager-like, though a bit more full.
Very mild floral hops, biscuit malts, paper pulp, faint sour green apple, and a bit of metallic flavor.
Grains make a stronger presence in the finish.
Perhaps not as complex as it sounds.
T: Taste is very well crafted - not overly hopped and malts do not dominate.
Taste starts with a nice citrus hop flavoring and quickly moves in to a balanced pale malt and finishes with nice sweet caramel malts
T- Ale like, some malt biscut, a very light amount of nuts
The taste is good.
It has a very nice black malt flavor up front with a big chocolate malt blast and a bit of roasted malt character in the finish.
To call it complex is an understatement.
T: Flavor of citrus, fresh grain and a bit of malt sweetness.
Some bitterness and a dry finish.
T- Tasting a good blend of caramel and hop bitterness.
The hop flavor is the more dominant flavor at the tail.
Nothing to get real excited about
A low alcohol English bitter is what we have here.
Nice boozy bourbon flavors, and it keeps the integrity of the beer.
Mouthfeel was thin-to-medium with a cereal-like sweetness on the tongue.
Finish lingered with that same sweet flavor.
Taste has some grain and some grass flavors.
Definitely hoppy as well.
taste: Dominant malt flavors...slightly toasted and grainy with a moderate sweetness.
Just a little nutty.
Dull, grassy (just a little citrus) hop flavor with a moderate bitterness.
Hoppy of course, but now with all the fruit of say a Ruination.
Just a wave of bitterness and a lot of full flavor, almost juicy.
But with out the citrus I'm used to from some IPA's.
I only wish I knew hop varieties well enough to know what is missing.
It was nice, but ....not what I was hoping for.
Tastes sweet like pumpkin pie and spicy, although you have to reach a bit to get to it, as the tastes are not bold at all, and are actually a little weak.
Just a little more in the taste department and this could be a very good brew.
I really enjoyed the flavor of this beer as well.
For a beer packing 10% ABV, I did not detect any alcohol aroma or flavor.
What I did taste is the nutty malt with some chocolate, vanilla, and a little fruitiness in the finish.
I also get some ash or charcoal in the aftertaste.
As for flavor, it's quite sweet.
The flavor was extremely malty with a subtle hoppiness, but the big alcohol punch it packed was what stood up to be noticed.
Fruity, cascade-packed, then sort of thin and floating away in the mouthfeel but addicting, this beer is a museum of the first wave of IPA's.
Rich malt flavors push to the forefront, but foregoing the associates sweetness of caramel or sugar.
Mildly astringent when the woody notes pronounce, but the finish is a marvelous malty-dry yet crisply tart combination that work in harmony
A light earthy/briney flavor reminds me Orval except with more body and sweetness.
The taste holds notes of peppercorns, light smoke, chipotle peppers, cardamom, light lemon zest, wheat, and a stronger layer of char lining the background.
Bright, puckering hops hit the palate up front with citrus and accompanying pith.
I at first found the label, touting this as malty and robust, to be really misleading, but as this beer warmed some toasty maltiness comes through; now it's just misleading.
The taste is a very nice balance of the two styles.
A little more hops, but balanced very nice with the sweetness of the malt and fruit.
Taste: This is where the hops take over.
A pungent hop punch hit you immediately surrounded perfectly by a fruity malt character.
Some apples and maybe honey(?
) are present.
Very complex taste.
The dueling hops and malt feel good.
The flavor expresses what the nose suggests, but with more ferver.
It's vanilla is much clearer than the nose suggests, and its delicately citrusy orange character balances the candy and vanilla alongside a sublime spiciness of coriander and white pepper.
Taste: Very smooth, malts come through with an almost sweet finish.
Light hops
And for a moment, this could well be mead, full of honey and sweet alcohol.
It gathers thickness, as well as gummi sweet & sour cherry notes.
It lingers here a while, sagging under its own girth, with the cherry and oak chip glinting sourness barely offsetting the maple syrup and brown sugar cloy.
It rides out with a minced date, apicot, cherry, and blood orange fruitness, still dappled in caramel and cooked sugars.
Boil all this into a spiced rum bath
Heavy, obese, bodied.
T=smoky taste, roasted malts evident, almost chocolate
The taste fit in with the caramel description.
T: Sweet raspberry flavors with a bit of earthy must, dank basement, a touch of wood, and strong notes of fruit pits and red/dark fruit skins.
The finish is cherry skin like, and the light tart/sourness is that of fruit skins.
Luckily I?€?m hardly getting any vinegar
Taste of strong grapefruit, with caramel, spice, and pine.
Finishes off with a nice clean bitterness and lingering citrus and fruit flavor.
Definitely one of the best balanced IPA's I have come across.
T- starts off with the sweetness I anticipated, but never really peaks- luckily.
There is a sustained maltiness with a touch of red wine-ness in there.
I really enjoy the nutty notes in there , with the sweetness it gives me some brittle like flavors ??
taste: Semisweet chocolate, roasted barley, oak, and some nuttiness up front.
Just the slightest alcohol tinge.
Finish astringent with just a little hop aroma.
Nose was pine and floral hops, some chocolate, and a little roasted grain.
Taste was awesome - well-blalanced but hop-forward.
Like most things I enjoy, there was an interesting interplay, in this case between the sweetness of the malt (chocolate and toasted grain) and the great hop prescence - tropical fruits, bitterness, etc.
There were some spice notes as well.
T: A very citrusy type of sourness, almost like a lemon balm, also has deep earthy characteristics
Taste: Mild malt sweetness, then nice hop bitterness, alcoholic at the finish.
T: There is a moderate amount of sweetness in the taste, which also has some hints of dark fruits and spices.
It tastes moderately hoppy, slightly metallic, and mildy fruity.
The taste is much like the smell up front, but its finish is a bit of a mystery to me.
There is a fair burst of flavour over the back of the tongue.
It makes me think of black licorice, but that isn't exactly it.
I'll have to read through some of the other reviews to see if anyone pinned it down.
Anyway, I find the flavour is about average, it isn't greatly pleasing to me, but not offensive either.
Taste: Clovey and peppery with some nice caramel malt and candi sugar sweetness to balance it all out.
Not overly complex.
Taste/Mouth feel: The flavor has a simple light grain and mild sweetness with a good balance of earthy and floaral hops.
T- lots of chocolate.
some licorice.
roasted malts.
some raisins and plums that i couldnt smell.
great coffee finish
the alcohol is well hidden in the taste.
T-Initial hop notes of fresh citrus, spicy pine and floral notes with the backing of sweet caramel malt.
Quite balanced but does lean towards the hops.
Cloves in the flavour too, light bodied, tasty but could still use some more 'bite'.
Like most weissbiers not too much aftertaste.
The taste is malty, nice oak note, chocolate/toffe, with some spices.
That same plastic-like note is in the flavor as well.
Grassy, vegetal notes come through along with some sweetness from the malt, but the plasticity is tough to overcome.
Taste expresses toffee, butter candied fruit and a slightly acrid ethanol character that lingers at the back.
Lacks some of the exuberant yeastiness of the style, but not bad.
Light yeast, very light spiciness with just the barest wisp of clove, slight tang on the finish.
The taste is rich, dark toasted brown bread, molasses cake, prunes, winey prunes and raisins, faintly rummy and with a hint of coffee.
It's generally sweet with with very faint bitterness and spiciness.
T: Definitely get that candied spiced apple thing (like those bright red things you see in a jar).
Cinnamon, clove, caramel malt.
Too novelty for me.
Rich and bitter mingle together as you indulge into this one at first sip.
Hops come off soft and long but well presented.
Bitterness is balanced with a slight malt character.
A shockingly bold belly warmer for the style, woams more like an Impy stout.
This one is all about the hop flavors.
Bitterness builds from low to high and the lighter, grainier malt backbone lets the multitude of tropical hop flavors to come forth.
ABV is hidden well and the body is nice and creamy.
T: The taste is better balanced than the smell - there's everything from the smell, but in combination with a slight roasted maltyness
The banana continues on the palate.
Some sweetness is evident.
Drank it slightly chilled, but not cold, to savour the true flavours....which were nice and robust.
The taste is very good, and not overpowering like some in its style class, but still enough flavour so you take notice.
T: Unlike most amber/reds with toasty notes in the nose, Sassy Red actually carried those comforting flavors in to the taste.
The only reason that this rating doesn't exceed a four is because the beer is marketed as a bitter, but in fact its not as bitter as it might be.
It is more hoppy than bitter -- more vegetal than a bitter might normally express.
It is flavorful enough to get me going and keep me interested, but not in any way cloying or too heavy.
This beer has a little more flavor and bite than most lagers.
Somewhat creamy and malty
Flavorwise, yeast contributions are subdued for style, but musty and light banana flavors are present.
Grainy, tart wheat flavors assert themselves since they're not overpowered by yeast esters.
The beer's flavors are wet hops and grapefruit initially, with a tangy, sweet caramel and chocolate blend at the end.
Flavors are similar to a Red IPA.
T- Hmmmm, initial taste is of wheat and sweet malts, followed by bread malts and dark citrus in the middle, and finishing with an unassuming touch of dry hops and alcohol
Again, pine and citrus are blending together to create a sweet and bitter combo.
Sweet and crisp with a major hop bite.
T: As it warms up, the flavors suggested by the scents begin to emerge.
Another year may merge the two perfectly.
Taste shows notes of orange and the typical hefeweizen taste (cloves and bananas).
Almost no bitterness too.
The taste was interesting, up front tart grapefruit, not sweet in the least.
More like grapefruit rind even.
Slight hint of hops and seemingly no malt.
T: It was bitter, but I have no idea where that came from.
It wasn't a hoppy taste and it wasn't a roast obviously.
Not much else though.
Black malt (I think) lends the beer a not pleasantly bitter and toasted flavour.
I couldn't detect chocolate.
T: Sweet heavy roasted malt, floral hops and dark chocolate.
Coffee along with dark dried fruit.
Taste is also very pleasant with strong banana and other light fruit flavors.
Hops used were German Hallertauer Perle, Czech Saaz, American Glacier which is a relatively new hop in the Fuggle family from the Pacific Northwest.
t: pretty nice on the chocolate, not too much initially for the roasted/burnt flavor, still it is there, a nice black coffee flavor, not strong coffee, but just coffee.
definitely a hop presence in this one that isn't in the draught guinness.
clean and earthy, piney.
not too bad.
slight earthy aftertaste
T- I would liken this brew to a dry hopped version of their pale ale.
Flavor palate was dominated by the hops, which came through as floral and citrus.
Malts were over-dominated.
The dry hopping adds a nice floral aroma and flavor.
Taste gets better as it warms.
Not one of those hopped up ambers.
The biscuity malt.
The fruit flavors.
All of that.
Taste lingers.
Taste follows the nose with sweet malt, orange, lemon, a hint of milk chocolate, then a dry hoppy and somewhat spicy finish.
Overall, this is tasting to me like a dubbel light
The coffee and chocolate flavors are too much for beer, or too at least too much for this beer.
I love a nice stout that has a more subtle coffee or chocolaty flavor that's imparted by the kind of malt they used, but this straight up infused flavor is too syrupy for me in general.
Taste could be full of complex flavors, and the potential is there, but the palate is really overrun with the intense coffee bean chocolate party that's going on in this beer.
I've already talked about that part...
T: The taste has some maltiness with notes of fruit.
There is some sourness in the finish.
Tasted good and clean, a little sweet and a little citrus.
Like a good Flemish Sour, the finish was long and a rush of tangy fruit, quickly followed by a warming sugar sweetness.
T- Follows the nose.
Had to ponder what it tastes like because it was distinct although unknown to me...have to agree with the two reviewers below me, green apple and Cheerios.
What an odd combo...but somehow it works, kinda.
The taste is a nice medium bodied tartness with some dry hops blended with caramel malt.
Creamy taste (aided by thick head) with buttery, biscuity taste that is stronger than the original smell.
Slight bitterness in the aftertaste.
Taste is mildly roasted with a heavy chocolate taste, which makes a sweet impression.
I get hints of cacoa, vanilla, en cappucino.
Caramel malt, toffee balanced on the palate by grassy hops, some hints of raisins and mineral water.
The taste is malty at the very beginning then followed by a punch of hops that hits you right in the back of the jaw.
Exactly what it should be.
The finish is especially bitter and hoppy.
T: This brew reminds me of when I was a kid and used to put chocolate syrup on top of chocolate fudge that was on top of chocolate ice cream that was being eaten out of a chocolate cone (with chocolate sprinkles of course).
The fact that they managed to brew this stout at 11% without affecting the flavor is amazing.
The first taste was just some sweetness, but then after a bit (and after eating some mild cheese), the total fruitiness of the currant started to appear.
It was a bit slow to develop, but then all of a sudden I could really taste it.
I am not sure how much was the cheese acting as a palate neutralizer or simply that as it warmed the fruit came through.
Flavor is quite good, full, sweet, balanced by a substantial bitterness - both from hops and a little from charred malt - which builds on the palate.
A mild astringency is keeping it from an elite score.
The char shows up much more in the flavor than aroma.
This beer tastes very smooth and is quite easy to drink.
Taste - Yeasty, caramel, a little sweet, strong tang (from alchoholic content, I imagine)
Taste was extremely grassy with very little malt character at all, and extremely boozy.
Seems like they let this one ferment a bit too long.
I had to switch off with water every so often, and looked for something to munch on to break the boozy grassy flavor from layering too thickly on my tongue.
It's very strong and it's very hoppy, but Lagunitas is king at hoppy beers.
There is always a solid balance for the huge amount of hops.
So people who don't consider themselves a fan of hops can still enjoy this beer, most likely.
flavor is heavily resinous with pines and bitterness.
malt is high enough to keep it from being one sided and mixes in with light sweetness.
finish is bitter and lingering on the tongue.
Taste: Carmel malts and light coffee notes without going bitter
Palate is a little more balanced by pale (pilsner?
) malt, but still is huge on the herbal notes.
T: Very well balanced, this beer opens with the roasted malt and the mild cocoa and coffee and oatmeal sweetness in perfect harmony.
Mildly bitter on the finish with flavors of oatmeal, chocolate and raisins lingering, this is smooth on the palate with light carbonation.
The oatmeal does take the edge off the roasted malt bitterness.
the taste is fairly sweet and fruity witha little doughy yeast thrown in for good measure.
some bubblegum shows up as it warms.
a little spicy at the finish and aftertaste.
Taste also has the hops in the forefront, with not enough malt to back it up.
The flavor was more of the same.
Sweet with touches of chocolate and vanilla to highlight the coffee notes,
Somewhat roasty, not as much as some others.
A hint of sweetness, chocolate and a good hop bite.
The alchohol is not evident at all.
Taste is all smooth malt, edging onto sweet.
Very rich.
The pecan presence is most noticeable in the finish, with a crisp, dry flavor precisely like fresh pecans.
T: Complete opposite of the aroma.
Tart yet smooth, earthy, pine, a complex beer.
T: flavor is strong and full, a bit off-putting to me; the astringent dry-hopped notes hit strong up front; they are followed with a more mellow, lemon/grapefruit aftertaste, with something reminding me of whole-grain wheat bread; not yeasty by any means; pleasant surprises unfold in the flavors as the beer warms, introducing a nice, subtle malt undercurrent, balancing the brew much better than first thought
T- there is little to no spice in this beer, and you're getting mainly the pure pumpkin flavor.
Unfortunately, it's not really a very powerful flavor, and is very muted
taste: not a huge fan of the kriek sub-genre...this one provides the vinegar you'd expect, sourness is downnplayed - tart cherry and cranberry, light oak.
nothing really that wrong with this one - just not something i would turn to again
The taste of the beer was really nicely done I thought.
The flavors of sweet malts and the bitter finish worked well together.
T- WOW, the bitterness is strong in this one.
Lots of pine up front, and the finish is slightly sweet.
Very solid 4
T - Tangy fruit with a buttery back note.
Sweet splash of soft fruit liquor and tangy hops.
Fruit-like acidity, akin to apple skin.
Blueberry and dark fruit present here.
Tangy starches and spiced alcohol bring depth to this beers flavors.
O - Plenty of fruit in the nose and mouth.
The starchy, buttery flavors add a different dimension here.
The taste begins sweet and malty with a stouter than anticipated bitterness.
This has a strong pipe tobacco flavor to it that is different and rather nice.
The flavor is much the same, with the addition of a super sweet malt+alcohol taste that also provides a rich and somewhat sticky body.
Flavor registers equally high in my book.
So surprising becuase it is relatively low abv% compared to the highest rated Tripels.
A complex malt and fruit entry is kicked up by creamy-sweet lemon curd, grated Key lime peel, freshly baked pie crust, grahm cracker, and fluffy cotton candy.
The finish is well-hopped with soft nuances of white pepper infused green herbs and Saazy earthyness.
T: Like the nose -- malty flavors: caramel, burnt sugar and hazelnut but with a slightly bitter aftertaste providing decent balance.
The taste is thick with malt, big citrusy hops, and a little alcohol.
I must say the oak aging really does it's part in mellowing the alcohol and hop bite of the traditional AB.
there is a complexity to this beer that is definitely not evident in the original.
Taste is a bit better but this is definitely not a top notch DIPA I'm drinking here.
It's quite sweet, with a big candied fruit and honey flavor.
There is some fruit, but like the nose, it's not a bright and floral hoppy sort of fruitiness, but instead a sticky sweet concentrated juice sort of fruit flavor.
It's also pretty boozy and actually feels out of balance in the malt direction, which is surprising for a DIPA.
I don't think the 75 IBUs were enough for the hefty malt bill on this one, and I also don't think they were well spent - the hop flavor is very uninspiring, with a moderate level of bitterness for the style.
Mild, mediocre malt flavor, which is very crisp, but overall husky.
Caramel and toasted malt flavors, with herbaceous, weedy hops.
Lacking bitterness and a pronounced hop flavor and aroma.
T- The juicy full citrus hops flavor has a soft grapefruit flavor to it followed by a sweet caramel malt flavor.
There is a note of dry toffee to the malt as it warms and the finish is a soft bitter green note that really grows as the beer warms
T- The taste like the aroma is very fruity with some spices added in there with a dry yeasty finish along with some alcohol.
Flavor is malts and grapefruit hops that are really well balanced.
Taste is very clean and crisp.
Similar to a helles lager but this has some more hops to it.
Really beautiful flavors and great for the summer.
Taste is a nicely balanced (at least from what I hear about all the different products by Rogue) mix of tasty hops and mildly nutty malts.
Hops are diffenently emphasized here, but aren't overwhelming.
The hops definitely take over in this beer, with some yeastiness & light malt coming through too.
The flavor is mainly malt.
Caramel, toast and a hint of chocolate are present.
In the middle there's some fruity notes of peach.
It finishes with a hoppy taste of lemon citrus.
Once gone a caramel malt taste lingers in the palate.
This is really tasty.
Bitter and lemon flavors mix up front.
This has some of the more intense citrus flavored hops I have ever encountered.
Next comes some more hops, as it gets through the bitter and has an earthy grassy flavor to it.
Rounds out with some biscuity malt.
Quite sweet with the whole Belgium citrus/grain/spicy thing going for it.
Taste brings a great funk and sour/tart fruit, berry, light sour fruit and sour malts, bit of Brett funk as well, lactobacillis again bringing some acidic tastes, bit grainy and bready, and some interesting berry fruit with a bit of grape skin and seed.
Finishes with a bready malt, tart flemmy fruit, sour but not puckering, a bit more grape skin and dark red wine, and even a hint of oak and vanilla, hint of booze.
Not much going up front, except a hint at what I get to be turmeric.
The esters make their way out in the middle and end.
Cloves predominate.
On the sweet side in the end with a hint of bitterness.
Alcohol well disguised, but a bit on the sweet side for me.
Smooth, but full of flavor.
Great balance between the spices and rich malts.
The hop bill seems turned up on this years version.
Alcohol warmth is also present.
A significant amount of ginger, but not overpowering.
Taste/Mouthfeel: Nothing at first, but as the carbonation opens up a little, there are some citrus tones, spicy hop flavor.
Weird strained grain presence later on.
Taste - Very well balanced fruity with hints of Satsumas, Apple, Pear, lemon.
Medium bitterness with mil aftertaste
T- This beer has a smooth clean flavor with some soft sweat and brown malt notes followed by a dry spice hint.
The finish has a soft bitter green hop note.
Basically the same in the taste, pretty well-balanced, though not exceptionally flavorful.
Taste: Not bad, not exciting - dry biscuits, caramel malts, some hints of burnt malts, grains - hops seem very English in nature - hints of nuts
T: Taste is light and ambery but has some Belgian sweet candi sugar and a slight bitter aftertaste, it has a slight tangy quality
F: It finishes a little sweet and bitter and lingers, makes you smack your mouth a little, not bad, but could be better I think, the two main flavors, Belgian malts and hops, seem to clash, not enough Belgian and too much hops IMHO.
Tastes of a biscuit dough and rye crisp malt with a tiny hint of honey that is hidden behind a tingly swarm of bubbles that distribute little pecks of grapefruit and piney hops.
Finishes with a bit of dark wheat that goes well with the lingering dryness.
It is very thick nad has a rather nice burnt malt taste with a little bit of a chocolate taste.
Taste is a fruit explosion -- pineapple dominates, peach/apricot and citrus follow, much less funk in the taste than the smell would indicate.
T: Follows the aroma, citrusy/grapefruity hops prevail with a fair amount of non-sweet malt to back it up.
Hints of orange peel once again with a cleansing bitterness to finish it off.
The hops dominate with just enough yeasty goodness to balance it out.
Taste is very thick and malty, like a porter should taste
Chocolate and caramel mingle well together in the flavor along with a slight fruitiness, a light yeast bite, and some leafy hops.
It's well balanced by a low-key bitterness and it finishes short and dry with just some residual nutty malt.
Sweet and sour immediately come to tongue with a split wheat flavor.
Almost a sourdough afterthought.
Not too complicated, but then it is not meant to be.
Without that semi sour tinge this would perhaps be a waste of time
T: a soothing flavour of lightly infused black-tea-ish bitterness precedes a loose-textured swallow of apple-ly fruits and floral hops...
turning slightly more bitter in the aftertaste, with plenty of mildly-flavoured herbal hops to linger as well as the prune-ish sour-sweet fruits.
The flavor has stong hints of alcohol, with a sweet start and a very quick dry finish- like a wine.
Smoother and sweeter as it warms.
Taste is also hoppy with a thick oily malt body.
The juniper isnt very noticable, slightly spicy in the aftertaste but I'm thinking the hops really overtook the flavor overall.
The taste is mild all around in flavor along with bitterness.
There is some citrus and papaya sweetness in the middle and back.
The hop prescence is more grassy and earthy
The aftertaste leaves some grassy and wheat bread notes behind.
T - Very similar to the nose.
Chocolate, oak, caramel, burnt sugars, some booze.
A good amount of complexity between the oak, sweetness, and alcohol notes.
Very solid.
Taste some of the citrus up front and finishes pine.
A rich maltiness coupled with some fresh and inviting fruits -- almost candy-like.
There's a wonderfully tempered malt sweetness backed by juicy fruity hops.
The malts are biscuity and the hops definitely have a nice bitter punch to them.
T: Very bad.
Hint of malt.
Mostly just tastes bad though.
Taste follows the aromas.
Full porter flavors, dark roasted malts, slightly sweet creamy malts, and some slight coffee flavors.
Chocolate notes are there, slightly sweet, but not overpowering.
T: Smooth heavy malt brew with sweet spices and alcohol in the background.
Herbal hops and tad fruity finish.
Bittersweet grapefruit blends with a nice mixture of hops.
Not as much bitterness as I would have liked and somewhat one dimensional with the citrus taste.
After such a formidable aroma, I was a little disappointed.
Tastes sour tart black patent, but also sweet caramel and toffee.
Coffee is understated compared to the other flavors and I picked up either some falling apart grassy hops or some developing cardboard (ie; oxidation).
Dry coffee roasty aftertaste.
Taste had a mild grassy slight herbal and touch fruity hop, a bit of bitterness that ramps a bit, bit of grainy malts, semi sweet.
Finishes a bit more bitter, light lingering hops, bit of malts as well.
Taste was of slight roasted malt and wham chocolate, lots of it.
Very smooth both on taste and finsih.
the taste is generic, like almost any mass produced beer.
but it is beer and it does have taste, not that great but it does have taste.
Tastes thick and sweet.
Reminds me of a hot chocolate made with cream instead of milk.
Malt bomb.
T - I like the taste for it being a schwarzbier, but only because I usually do not like the sweet maltness of the German schwarzbiers that I have had.
This does not have any sweetness to it, which I like
T: Although a brown ale, this tastes remarkably much like a stout (which is one of my favorite styles).
It's of course less creamy, but the roast profile reminds me of Guiness or Beamish.
Taste is spicy, slightly sour, hoppy and pergaps a bit of clover honey.
T - Incredible balance here.
Sweet caramels and bread notes finish with citrus bite and pine aftertaste.
The 11% ABV is completely unnoticed
Flavors of light fruit and citrus constant with some pears that pass through as well.
Bitter taste of vinegar reminiscent of some flemish ales.
A bit of a funky yeast.
Lightly sweet malts fairly inconspicuous.
Coriander present throughout.
Dry finish.
Tastewise, it is not bad, maltyness tingued with some perfumey hops.
The sweetness in the finish was a bit noticeable...perhaps a touch more sharp carbonation would have evened that out.
Taste was smooth and easy to drink for a scotch ale, tried to pace myself but drank it pretty fast anyways, everything in the aroma is present in its flavor, sweet malt all the way through with a little boozy character thrown in there, vanilla and sugar really stick out, some nice toffee and caramel accents, mild hoppy presence provides some balance, a lot sweeter than I expected overall but was certainly not a bad thing
Taste is fruity and sour.
Lots of oakiness in the flavor but the sourness detracts from the beer not in a good way.
The flavor was of sweet malt, citrus, caramel, citrus hop, and subtle sweet alcohol.
The caramel sweetness in this one is a nice touch and helped to cut out a lot of the booziness that was present.
T - Again, lemons.
The description on the website claims there are some tropical fruits, but if those aren't the lemons then I don't know what they are.
There is a honey-ness to it, which is kind of pleasant.
Hops dominate, but malt is well represented.
Alcohol evident.
Intense resiny hops up front along with a big blast of intense maltiness - kettle caramelization, perhaps...Very piney hoppiness.
Ethanol flavor comes in and makes its presence known as it all melds together for a intensely bittersweet hop-flavored finish.
Leaves an aftertaste of powerful American C-hops.
T - Starts off like your average wit with wheaty malt touch of citrus but the cranberry really comes out in the finish
T: Peppery, citrus, with a nice aftertaste.
A smooth, creamy feel crosses the lips and provides a bready and yeasty sense very quickly.
Lighter notes of fruit and spice enter as each sip settles in and hints at a very nice complexity.
This is followed by a less than crisp, but notably clean finish.
Taste: grainy malt, grass, a hint of honey and lemon zest, and a mild bitterness creates an average pils.
Taste- it is sweet.
I get a ton of molasses.
Some off cardboard flavors.
Finishes with sweet molasses, brown and candy sugar.
Bottom line, sweet.
More marmalade in the flavor with lots of orange and strong apricot tones.
The suggestion of pepper in the chilled beer fades as it warms.
Tinny elements emerge with warmth.
Faint resiny finish that lingers until after you forget it's there and then it reminds you that it's been a while since you had a sip.
That left a sticky pad of yeast on the bottom, which turned to be quite tasty.
I still got a fair amount of spice, but it would have been much more distinctive if I had swirled up the yeast properly.
Taste: Just like Autumn.
Toasty malts with a solid hop presence.
The taste has an upfront caramel sweetness to it that then transforms into this rye spicy rye taste in level which are present in the nose.
A level of bitterness is there in just enough force to balance the beer from becoming a malt bomb.
I'm unsure of the percentage of malt used in this beer but it has to be fairly high since this beer is just dominated by this heavy rye flavor.
I'm really liking how aggressive it is and his beer screams rye.
The taste was dominated by the sweet and citrus, with a good balance of bready/yeasty taste.
Not very subtle, the taste of this saision can definitely be described as 'big'.
T = Light banana, white pepper, lemon zest, coriander.
Quite a bit going on and all very well balanced.
Long dry finish.
Taste is of roasted and almost burnt malt, bittersweet with light sour notes, coffee in the finish, quite dry.
The taste follows suite....not much banana as i would have expected, but nice clove and spice that wasn't tooo overpowering.
Was sweeter and more syrupy than I would expect an English Brown Ale to be.
The smell did prove indicative of the initial taste, although where I expected it to give way to a somewhat hoppy finish, a thankfully subtle coffee flavour kicked in instead.
I detest coffee, but this was subtle enough to be tolerable.
Nutty and oily, as promised, but also possesses a wonderful toastiness that really makes the brew.
Its a half-assed pale ale brewed with toasted pecans, which do instill a very nice flavor, but it is frankly not worth opening more than one.
Other than that, the beer pours a clearish cloudy orange with a thick, retentive head and some sweet, light brown sugar, light hops, and an oily sesame taste.
Balance is a bit off, with the backbone and nut flavors battling it out for supremacy.
Tart flavors up front.
The flavor of wheat is powerful.
Again, I taste sour cherries.
Long sour aftertaste.
Barnyard malt characteristics with almost pilsener type hops
Taste: Sweet and malty with some hop bitterness in the middle.
Goes down easy.
A bit bready.
Seems drinkable
Mouthfeel: Dry and not too sweet.
The hops balance out the sweetness.
Taste- Thankfully the cardboard is gone.
Pretty heavy on the tropical fruit flavored hops...a bit overly sweet.
A light grainy toasted malt flavor.
Gets better as you work through the beer.
T- Quite a complex taste which is greatly appealing to my tongue.
There's a strong malt presence.
And then some fruit swoops in from the wings- cherry, like kirsch.
Very well blended.
And then the aftertaste lingers on as the malt subsides, and the cherries take over, using the power of alcohols.
The taste has lighter malt tasting then the nose would kick up.
A more roasted and astringent taste but a light taste that isn't quiet watery, but close.
Some caramel and toffee finishes the malt taste but fails to mask the heavier roasted flavors.
The hops are not very noticeable.
I would have also like to see more of the yeast flavor come out more.
The yeast is not really noticeable and the malt leaves too much aftertaste kick.
The hops have died down a bit since October, but this is still about the hoppiest pumpkin ale you can find.
It starts with big, pulpy pumpkin meat in the aroma and flavor which is followed by a bitter burst of citrus.
This isn't the most complexx pumpkin beer, the malts never really came out.
T: taste is like the smell but not as sour as I would have thought if Duchesse is a 9 for sourness this is like a 5 I shared this beer with a friend but I could have drank the whole 750
The taste is alright, although it comes up a bit lighter than what I remembered this one being before.
Maybe it's just me but it seems a bit watered down from before
Taste, spritzy chalky mouthfeel, lingering dark bitter chocolate, vanilla essence, slight spiciness on the finish.
A little bit of dried fruit and a nuttiness, maybe almonds too.
Some sweetness too
T - mmm mango.
Some groovy hops.
Real tasty.
Nice and simple but hella tasty
Taste: Very sweet with tons of banana, just like the smell.
Mild amount of alcohol and a sweet finish.
I'm not getting a whole lot from the Nelson hops.
T: malty, dark roasted coffee backed with a huge grapefruit and pine hopping.
The flavor was clean, fading quickly after the swallow.
There was some dark chocolate, dried citrus and a very rich roasted backing of bitter black coffee.
T- Very robust chocolate taste.
Leaves a coffee-ish aftertaste.
Taste - Nice lightly roasted dark chocolate maltiness mixed with molasses sweetness, toasted malt loaf, definite coffee notes, caramel sweetness, again some dark fruits (prunes, plums), light nutmeg traces, quite a lot of sweet nutty hints, some pepperiness...
May be a little sweet for some though ..
The taste is probably slightly average, but then in finishes sweet and leaves you feeling satisfied.
T: Sweet pale malts upfront with some light citrus hop bitterness, kind of spicy in the finish.
Tastes like a standard lager.
The taste is of carmel and of lots of malt.
The flavor takes a slight bit of getting used to.
Once you do, however, you will look forward to January-March each year when it is brewed.
T - I don't know its not good but its still drinkable has a fermented fruit taste with a touch of malt getting by the fruit and alcohol
The taste, which I didn't get to until the glass spent some time warming, is vinous, molasses-filled, very roasted, and excellent.
Sweet in the start, but leaves a coffee aftertaste, very dry.
Had a watery caramel and slightly grainy taste with a fruity, light hop bitterness showing up towards the end, then a dry, semi-bitter finish.
Flavor: begins with clean and fresh hops, then becomes spicy and peppery.
The hops are piney and spicy.
Slightly dry finish.
The finish is also kind of watery and bland
T: Taste is....
I'm sorry apple cider.
It's fabulous and wonderful and I would drink it constantly but it's just apple beer that doesn't taste like beer.
It literally tastes like apple juice,.
T- Taste is the epitome of a gueze.
Hints of sour lemon, acidic tartness and nice backbone of oak and vanilla.
Finish is conistent with initial flavor but slightly more tart and slightly dry
The flavor profile follows the smell, and the hops aren't overbearing.
The taste also continues the orange trend, with even traces of apple and apricot (
The taste is heavy, but it is light on the mouth.
Hints of chocolate, caramel, coffee.
ABV is not evident.
Taste is good but a little underwhelming.
Toffee malt, some slight roast gives chocolate impressions.
Hoppiness is mild and earthy.
Just a touch of bitterness.
Pretty nondescript overall, but nothing offensive.
But the flavor is a little too sweet and burbonish for me to drink regularly.
I would love for Heavyweight to do a regular lager as I am trying this style more and more and finding that it really can have as much taste as an ale if done right.
The taste starts out dominated by the hops followed by the fruits picked up from the nose.
One the end there's a slight sweetness and a hint of alcohol.
You can tell this spent some time in the cask and it adds another depth to the already great taste.
Suffice to say there was no lacing, and it tasted like lemon grass and pepper.
Beer is nice, light in body, sweet up front, lots of yeastiness in it with some mild fruit.
I don't think the persimmon comes through very much but I can taste the fruitiness of it.
harsh, spicy taste at first...
think bugspray.
it mellows though, to a slightly sour, chocolatey brew.
Some mellow malts lending it a nice British character, and grassy hops to dry and spice up the finish.
Taste is a little sweet and fairly spicy.
Nice rich flavor and a bit buttery.
Mild toasted grain flavor and mild tartness with light hopping makes this a tasty brew.
The taste is a couple notches above the macro scene though and is fairly interesting.
It unleashes a nice wave of black pepper, light fruit, faint malt, and a hint of hops.
This might not be coincidence, as it had very little bitterness.
The lagering produced a clean and full maltiness that's delightful.
That carries over to the flavor, malt sweetness dominates, with the hop flavor and bitterness are lacking for this style.
A bready, sweetish flavor features a medium body and lager smoothness.
T) Grainy.
Slight sourness just under the surface.
Mostly bland lacking character in the taste
Mouthfeel was a bit thin and this stout had a very smoky quality, lots of burnt, charred oak notes.
Some dark overripe raspberry is in there as is some graham.
Nice balance of malty up front and a piney hoppy clean finish.
More hops than I usually taste in a lager, almost pale aleish
Taste: Rich caramel and toffee malt flavors with a touch of oak and spice, with a bit of hop bitterness in the finish.
The hops carried over to the aftertaste as well.
The flavor likewise reflects this fruited complexity and is comparable to a sedate barleywine.
A slight syrupy taste and aroma are present though nothing sugary lingers at the lip.
T: The hop starts right up front with some pine flavors and then the bitterness kicks in and fades to reveal an oak-like toasted and carmel malt flavor.
Alcohol flavor and feel throughout.
T: the taste is kind of light in citrus and hops.
I am picking up a slight yeast and malt undertone in the aftertaste.
But it is mostly floral in flavor.
Taste is wonderful.
Tastes just how it smells.
The best part is the candy sugar and the yeast strain they use.
Very tasty brew.
The taste surely did not disappoint either!
The body itself was light and crisp, perfect for a summer day, and the hops are not lacking at all in this one.
In the taste, a fresh, pine hop presence, with a malty balance.
A bitter and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a fresh, dry pine hop in the aftertaste.
A nice fresh hop and a bigger malt balance than though.
T - Sour, yes, but not overwhelmingly so.
It's a concentrated sourness that feels like it's sticking mainly to the middle of the mouth before sliding down the throat.
The vinegar flavor and slight sweetness brings to mind a combination of a white wine mix with an apple cider.
Later the sweet & sour mix covers the entire tongue.
Roasted sweet and slightly smoky aroma with a bit of yeast; similar taste with significant wheat flavors and a touch of alcohol
Cider quality, orange and citrus tang on the tongue.
Between the champagne yeast and the citrus undertone, there is no sweetness in the taste whatsoever
The taste was were it was at however....flavors of smokiness and licorice danced around my palate, while an assertive hop level pulled it all together.
Very well balanced.
Hop and licorice flavors lingered in my mouth eons after I took a sip.
The flavor was of sweet malt, sweet alcohol, wood, toffee, caramel, and subtle brown sugar.
T: Again, sherry, raisins, caramel.
This beer is VERY sweet.
Just noticed that this is apparently 18%?
If so, it's hidden well.
I would have guessed 10%
Taste: Oh god, this is horrendous.
Tangy tartness and sourness with a lingering bite.
Tartness is strong enough that it is reminiscent of a lemonade
Has a very subtle and moreish grapefruit citrus/wheaty beer flavour.
Very pleasant and refreshing.
The flavor was sweet, like honey, which diminished over time into a citrus (grapefruit) flavor and bitterness.
The finish was dry with lingering grapefruit into the aftertaste and the body was medium, but seemed just a smidge lighter.
Decent grain flavor.
Very simple, with little off flavor.
Alcohol is very noticable, and hides any flavor there may be.
In the taste there is a toasted bread quality, along with vanilla, cherry, and oak.
Taste, wow, very tart and sour on the tongue at first...almost like a lemon or orange sour patch kid.
Very different, not much alcohol taste at all which is just about the only good thing the taste has going.
A nice pale malt in the aftertaste takes a while to surface, but it is enjoyable.
Flavor was most disappointing - decent pale malt backbone but a sour, unpleasant hop flavor dominated.
No citrus, spiciness or floral, earthy hops - just sour bitterness.
Fore is bittersweet chocolate with very lucious dark cherry notes in the middle.
Finishes with a roasty bitterness that reminds me of a scaled down version of Gonzo Imperial Porter.
I figured this would be decent, but it's actually very damn good.
Definitely more aggresively hopped than most porters.
That works well here and amplifies the latent coffee notes in the aftertaste.
Flavor-Flavor follows the aroma-light pils malt up front with slight orchard fruit esters.
Well attenuated-dry in the finish, with low hop bitterness but a rising hay/grass hop flavor.
It?€?s growing on me as I drink it
At first the flavour seems more like a brown, but in the end enough complexity to nod back to the 'strong ale' listing on the label.
Pleasant nutty, toasted caramel flavour, faint sourness in the middle from aging in the whiskey cask, with a smooth warm nutty and woody finish, slight dry caramel, with a lingering aftertaste of peat and smoke.
T: Quite sour.
Strawberry grassiness vaguely in background.
Astringent bitter aftertaste (tannins
Intense yet smooth roast flavour with some coffee, black colour.
Some quality bittersweet dark chocolate.
Also malt and licorice.
Medium mouthfeel.
Taste is full and malty, with a strong alcohol presence, some fruity cherry and berry notes, a nice hop bitterness at the end.
The alcohol is present in every sip, which I don't usually like, but it stays smooth and tasty throughout.
T- Bold maple taste on the front and after tastes, has a great malty sweetness that is similar to brown sugar
T: The tartness is bright and green, lots of lemons and apples.
The oak, grass, wet straw, and mild earthiness give this beer a great funky balance to the sourness.
Malty,nutty sweet taste and a really nice finish
Taste: again, the bright and citrusy hops but this time with a little funk added.
The wheat adds a bit of light refreshment as well.
Damn good stuff.
Flavor is an odd combination of sweet malts, chocolate being the prominent one, mixed with honey and a little bit of earthy spiciness.
I'm honestly not digging on this flavor profile.
Taste is a hoppy maltness all at once then the rye and a little bitterness at the end.
Got better as it warmed.
T: Wow, a very nice beer out of amstel.
This is very malty and smooth but its also refreshing with a touch of faint hops at the end...
Taste: Opens with a rich coffee and licorice flavor, with a powdered Dutch chocolate flavor and a build up of smoke and hops by mid-palate; after the swallow, the chocolate flavors become prominent and then fade into the smoke and hops again
Taste of honey, a little hoppy, nutty sweet, some toasted malts and biscuits and horehound.
Has an intriging taste.
Slightly sweet and vinous at the start but a definate tartness in the finish.
Notes of apple, pears, and cinnamon.
Taste is very mild and well balanced with sweet malts and just right amount of hops -- good one for those afraid of harsher IPAs, this one is truly right in the middle.
T- Delicate sweet malt quality which makes way for the peatiness of the whisky cask.
Neither flavours outdo each other.
It has a single cream note - not sweet, just a savoury thickness, hard to describe.No suggestion of alcohol hot, very smooth.
Moderate malt flavoring but kept in line with hops.
Slight banana flavor, a little bite on the way down but not unpleasant.
The flavor of medium bodied beer is governed by substantial alcohol warmth acting in sinergy with prominent peppery spiciness; esters are lesser than in the aroma section and citrusy in character.
Moderate carbonation and relatively high bitterness induced by generous usage of Hallertau hops with spicy and grassy character (the later indicating dry-hopping) lend dry finish followed by bitter aftertaste.
Taste pretty much follows smell with the spices lasting on the finish.
Belgium yeasty flavor but not to the extreme, a little subtle.
T - similar to the smell with a nice hop bite.
Aromas and tastes of, guess what, blueberries.
Medium sweet.
T: I love when a beers taste can follow the smell, and this one delivered.
Good balance of roasted malt and coffee with a bit of chocolate and just a touch of bitterness
The taste is hops and rye, on the high side of bitter, but that's a great thing in this beer.
Taste: Toasted malt, caramel/toffee, malt sweetness and light roasted malt are all in the big mixture of flavours.
Faint butterscotch and peat smoke in the backround with an evenly proportioned hop bitterness.
Notes: Very tasty ...
The taste is very nice, with a very dominant malt flavor.
Despite the name, this beer is not dominated by a coffee/ espresso taste, but rather those flavors simply serve to round out, and give some bite to the roasted malts.
A strong hop presence carries over into the taste, quickly complemented by a sweet caramel, roasted malt backbone, very brilliant and complex taste.
Taste is a little pine-solish with some metallic notes that I get from many mass-produced beers(saaz?
) Rather dry.
Boring yeast.
Finish isn't very good, just graininess, pinesol, and cheezy hops.
I am guessing that there was dry-hopping that didn't mesh well.
T - Nice muted cocoa, chocolate milk, cookies and some coffee.
T: Tart of course but its dominated by fresh, wild cherries, sour and unripe cherries, vinegar, wood, Earth
A taste that is involved and grows more intense as it warms.
I let several sips sit and swish on the tongue for an extended time, and as the seconds go by, the taste grows more intensely hoppy.
Crisp and grassy up front.
Supremely sweetened malt lets the beer become full in the mouth.
Bitter, wild grasses show up again at some point in the middle and are almost overwhelming.
Biting, but this sensation is enveloped in that huge malt backbone to keep things enjoyable.
Some dry grains pop towards the end, then are buried by the final punch of oily earthy hop resin.
The alcohol has combined again with the hop oils to provide some warm bitter pooling which coats my throat
taste - Roasted malt, some bitterness at the end of the taste
Beautiful dark chocolate backed with a bitter dry coffee.
Bitter first, then sweet at the end.
Sweeter than expected.
Has a dark berry, red wine hit at first.
Burst of balanced flavor as it warms.
Quite strong; really bursts.
Berry sweetness in the aftertaste.
Malts are fruity and sweet.
Nice banana and clove flavor as well.
Hops are slightly spicy.
Well balanced.
Nice flavored hefe.
Aftertaste is slightly sweet.
Tasty stout.
Black, patent malt with chocolate and a lot of roasted malt.
The edge is taken off by flavors of oak and vanilla
T: Orange-clover-beeswax, orange zest, lemon grass, bitterness of an oak sapling branch, caramel apples, and that hop bitterness that would make someone whose never tasted hops cringe, but is oh so good when you develop a taste for it.
All this ends in a crisp dry bitterness.
I loved the hints of grapefruit and bitterness to this beauty.
Taste is hugely hoppy.
Floral, piny, and resinous.
Malt, caramel sweetness.
Awesome red.
Taste is of the same aromas with a nice balance.
T - Big combination of dark roasted malts, hops, chocolate, coffee, and molasses.
A lot of complexity
Taste is very good as well thoough I should note I'm partial to Belgians.
Sweetness hits you up front then you notice fruity characteristics on the sides of your tounge followed by a warm, slightly bitter sensation on the back of your tounge.
T: Hmm, not enough maltyness here for me, the hops come across a good bit sharper, thinning out the beer, making it much less nice.
It's still ok, the hops still taste fresh and good, but still too strong and sharp.
Instead of the plush fruitiness that I enjoy in a red ale, Fire Road has an excess of bittering and lacks malt body.
The 68 IBU puts more fire in Fire Road than I'd care for
This is a spicy beer as if brewed with noble hops and tastes a bit like an overhopped ESB.
Sugary sweet cocoa and thin malts up front, extremely sweet and a bit dusty in the middle, slightly drier and very weak hop finish.
T- Bittersweet, roasted malts on the front end.
Long, lingering dark chocolate and bitter finish.
Very spicy flavor i get a nice hoppy bittereness that segues into a soft malt background.
The spices seem to be coriander, orange peel and some ligt pepper notes, although the pepper could be some of the yeast characteristics and carbonic acid.
Fortunately, piney hops dominate the buds, leaving a slightly oily hop finish
Taste- The taste Is ok, It would be on occasion but not everyday or all the time.
There is taste though which is always good if you like taste.
It has a bannana taste to it...It has a weizen taste to it
T-Chocolate notes are strong..also roasted malts...finishes slightly dry
But the taste...I don't even know where to begin.
It tasted like a chemical spilled into it.
Was that clerk being a dick?
T: Taste is straight up sparkling wine; like a chardonnay or pinot grigio with more of a malty, flat beer flavor.
Very sweet and citusy, not sour, but sweet and malty and sort of gross ...
for the moment.
T= Big and rich flavors here.
The smoked malt gave this a nice Virginia ham flavor without overdoing things, and the spicy rye kicked in to complete the ham on rye allusion.
Very nicely done.
No hops to speak of.
The finish was pretty clean but leaning toward richness
T: Crystal malt initially, not overly bitter.
Juicy, almost wet hop feel.
Cantaloupe and melon rind, honeydew.
Tastes Great.
A little malty and bready and pleasantly not too effervescent
Plums and cherries, port wine, fresh roasted coffee grounds, and semi sweet chocolate.
Well-rounded, not overly broad but very deep and rich.
A moderate amount of booze lingers and mixes with coffee oils for a unique finish.
I thought the taste was lightly malty but sweet with a caramel flavor that dominates.
Hops now take a backseat to the roasted malts.
Taste is more of the same, but with a more noticeable dark chocolate presence.
Taste is mellow roasted malt, sweet caramel, nuts and a nice hops tang at the finish.
Tasted of roasted barley, black and other dark malts, some thin fruit juice-like flavors, and great charred wood chip tones.
Nascently spicy, it had a finish of dark coffee but not too bitter and dry.
Flavorful and fairly balanced amongst its many flavors, not sure it gets much better than this.
T- Somewhat buttery, with a slight biscuit flavor.
The hops are muted but balanced, no alcohol burn for a decent strong beer.
Sweet pumpkin upfront, caramel malts in the center, with a finish of cinnamon and nutmeg complemented by a mild bitterness.
The alcohol is so well hidden.
Taste is very creamy, with a bit of citric zest and spice.
Good yeast profile too.
Really impressive, actually.
Didn't expect to be blow away after the lackluster appearance.
Herbal minty citrus hops play equal parts with a fair bit of rye and nuttiness.
Well, being brewed by DR, it brings with it that annoying quality that I find in all the other DR brews, the taste of metal.
This doesn't overpower the brew, but it's there.
Tastes of bread and just a hint of hoppy bitterness.
Good aftertaste, like buttered bread.
T- This beer has a flavor of pine and citrus hops with a light pungent green hop finish.
There is a bright orange Hi-C flavor to the hops that is pretty strong.
There are notes of dry pale malt with a hint of light toast in the background.
The note of light caramel comes through as the beer warms a bit.
The hop bitterness hangs on a bit after the finish
The flavor offers a softly sweet grainy maltiness that's gently balanced by moderate bitterness and a touch of floral hop flavor.
It finishes short and dry.
The taste is biscuits, butterscotch life-savers, and bitterness.
The alcohol is not as prominent as I was expecting.
T - Super malty, but never overly sweet or cloying due to the tight alcohol attenuation and a lovely autumn hop note.
Some Tootsie Roll flavors are in there with a really nice almost chocolate taste.
Really unique, but still identifiable as an O-Fest.
Robust enough to warrent the Stout name
Nice roasted character with a malty, sweet start gives way to a hop bitterness that lingers almost too long, eventually followed by quick hint of alcohol and a warm full finish.
taste: Little to none, like a rice lager, zero taste
A somewhat bitter chocolate hits your tongue right away, but give way to a roasted, smokiness.
Dark fruits surface when the chocolate flavor fades, and hints of alcohol pop up at the very end.
T: Not enough coffee for it to be called 'Mocha.' The taste is the malts first, then the chocolate comes through, and it finishes bitter.
Very bitter
T: Little bit of a piney hop flavor with caramel malts.
Not as hoppy as the name of the beer would indicate, but it does finish with a mild pleasant bitter aftertaste.
The taste is toasty sweetened caramel malt, a hit of ripe orange preserves, and a subtle bitterness form the hops.
Not too complex and it doesn't need to be.
Senses of citric and coriander (and even a touch of dill?
), especially pronounced at the mid and back part of the mouth.
Taste falls short in comparison to smell.
Taste is stronger on the malt with a biscuit taste.
The hops are very subtle and barely tasted.
Taste is initially overcarbonated to the extreme but then follows up with some solid hop bitterness that carries well into the aftertaste.
Slight metallic tinge.
Some floral notes.
T- The sweet malty flavor comes out again in the taste.
The malty flavor hides the strength of this beer, the only hints you get that this has a double digit ABV is the subtle alcohol taste you get at the very end of the.
That combination could be a problem if someone where to drink too many of these.
Taste of roasted malts, butterscotch, caramel, faint toffee, some malt sweetness but pretty dry for a scotch ale, especially after having Big Sound Scotch Ale recently from CCB.
A little bit of tartness up front but the beer settles down to a resounding 'meh'.
Aside from some awfully english tasting malt, the aging has left a pleasant enough oakiness to the beer, but it's very soft
Up front I taste rye and a balance of the malt and hops with a slightly bitter finish followed by an aftertaste mainly of almost a slight chocolately taste and hops.
Tastes a lot like Guiness.
Coffee, small bit of chocolate, a bit grainy and pungent at times.
Nice hop bitterness as well.
Taste: Ahh.
Wonderful balnce of malts, smoke, hop flavor, and the oakiness which in my opinion lend amost a cinnamony flavor to the beer.
This is the best oaked beer I've had.
The oak is just a perfect flavor adjunct to the malt/hops balance of this beer.
we decided this one tasted a bit like 'guiness light', poured a thing brown color with an impressive frothy head.
flavor wasnt bad, but the mouthfeel left a lot to be desired.
watery through and through with a very forgettable slightly bitter aftertaste.
A very smooth flavor, robust malts, caramelly malts, and juicy fruity, citrusy hops.
Taste starts off with a bit of biscuity malt sweetness but is soon overpowered by bitter raw hop oils and resins with some notes of acidic grapefruit rind.
It's an unbalanced beer, but I think that's the intention here.
The taste was not there, you get a little malt, but other than that not much at all.
I noted that this beer does deliver the piney goodness of the hops and that it was indeed very rich with dark malts.
I found that the hops shine through a little more than the malts and I did pick up some citrus in the taste as well, but I had to strain through the bitterness on the back of the palate.
The after effects on the tongue downgraded it slightly.
Flavor is indeed light.
Grainy toasty malt.
Spot of hops.
Slight sourness.
Tastes pretty good.
Taste is similar, with a big dose of smoke from the rauchmalz, which almost overpowers the rest of the characters.
But, no, there are more subtle roasted characters, and even the hint of high-cocoa chocolate giving a vague sweetness, and a smoothness to the feel.
T - The biscuit like malts hit first followed by a nice does of citrus hops.
Some bitter hops round up the end leaving a nice finish.
A slight fruity flavor lingers in the aftertaste as the bitterness dies down.
A very delicious IPA it goes down easy and is pretty drinkable for it's abv.
Taste is perfume and sweet.
Mostly grain and malt flavor, tasty.
I know that sounds simplified, but lagers can only be complex to a point.
Taste: Again, this is a sweet beer and unlike most tripels it remains sweet with very little bitterness on the finish.
This has a honey-like flavor mostly.
The hops manage to introduce enough balance to keep the beer from becoming cloying.
You do get hints of spice (and maybe some citrus notes) as you continue drinking
creamy with a nice hoppy flavor that gets stronger the deeper you get into the taste.
there is a slight sweetness in the aftertaste.
hops are there for sure but not overwhelming.
The beer starts off sweet with bourbon, caramel, molasses, vanilla, and moves to some bitterness.
The chiles really kick in on the back of the palate with a delayed and slow, spicy burn.
The taste is reasonably well balanced; there a syrupy cherry and pear sweetness at the start, but it fades quickly as the hops kick in, and the finish is rather tart.
The alcohol is more evident in the taste than I expected for a 7% brew; I think it's more potent than reported.
TASTE: Quite hoppy for a Barleywine with as much malt as I smelled in it, which is a good thing.
Again, there was plenty of chocolate present along with some sweet notes, but it finished much more dry than most Barleywines I've had.
T - definite hop flavors, pine, bitter citrus, there seems to be some sweet caramel notes mixed in
I didn't find this brew to be overly sweet, there's a hint of sweetness but it's not overwhelming.
Notes of figs, toffee linger on the palate - smoothly balanced with a muted spiciness.
The beer is strong, and doesn't hide its alcohol presence all that much.
There is a good balance between some bittering hops and sweet malts.
There are florals in this beer, some heavy fruit presence, and maybe some orange.
This beer is just too strong for its own good.
Taste is also pretty true to style.
An initial pepper/fruit/sweet hybridisation, which wells through a light acidic note before descending to a raw and very robust bitterness.
Quite a high level of bitterness - I have to say it's one of the few beers I've yet had from outside the US that has the balls to bitter hop so heavily.
Something for the Danish hopheads, and those of us outside who are lucky enough to get a hold of it.
The taste is very watery with just a little bitter.
Malty, burnt caramel and nougat mix with flat, austere bitter and grassy flavors on the entry though the mid palate evolving into a slightly tannic, dry and bittery nutty finish with a zing of citrus zest.
A mediocre attempt at a balanced brew, this doesn't have the malt nor hop backbone and structure to support the odd off-flavors.
Sadly, it does not have much substance to offer beyond the austere bitterness, grassy flavors and bitter, nutty finish in effect lowering the flavor score.
Brew was nice and creamy, with flavors such as apple, sweet breads, and alcohol.
This was tasty, but a bit too sweet for me to have too much of.
T- tastes like a normal ale, but a little lackluster compared to others, still better than a generic ale you might find, however this brewery produces better beers
As far as taste goes, you will find bakers chocolate, toast and oatmeal.
There is a sweetness that is quickly drowned in a bitter malt aftertaste.
Taste- sweet toasted malts up front, dark fruits and a bit of a hoppy finish.
Really tasty brown
153 IBU's according to the bottle, this is surprisingly well balanced, and not as hoppy as I was expecting.
Nicely sweet with bitter grapefruit overtones.
T&M: Nicely balanced with a bready taste.
Hops are there with an ultra-dry finish.
Citrus and herbal hops come through with a mild malty sweetness.
T - Earthy, with a sweet almost tart chocolate flavor.
Little bit of smokiness in there too.
T- I found the taste far more balanced.
It starts with that fruit zest hop zing, before settling comfortable with a bit of caramel flavors.
The finish was pine-resin hops.
The finish was dry, appropriately, and the body was light, but tasteful.
Taste is a stealthy assault of bitterness at first before blossoming into true hop glory, with myriad flavors of grapefruit, pine, and green grass.
All that hop flavor is packed in without being overpowering or astringent.
After getting over the hop blitzkrieg imparted in the first wave, a good sweet maltiness becomes apparent with just a hint of biscuit/Victory malt flavor.
Finish brings back the bitterness and stays with you as a silent reminder that Mama's always watching.
Flavors and complexity build as the Mama warms a bit, bringing out orchard peaches and other fruity esters.
On the palate it is a bit wild, dry and aggressive, with metallic, electric orange peel and over-fermented bread flavors.
Gassy, with robot-fart metal belches replete with ripped, stripped sugars and hot grease nuances.
T ?€? If Grandma could put a pumpkin pie into a bottle this would be the beer, I felt like I was drinking a pumpkin pie.
Great pumpkin character, some nice spice flavors of cinnamon and nutmeg, some brown sugar
Taste is of the same aromas with plenty of bitter and hop filled flavors.
The flavor follows this and is hoppy upfront; there is a caramel and sweet toastiness but it doesn't seem as well balanced.
The flavor overall seems a bit thin for a beer that ranks in between 6.5-7 percent according do the bartender.
It is certainly not a bad flavor, but also nothing that I thought was exceptional.
The taste is ripe with sweet yellow corn with a quenching finish of straw malt.
A flavour saturated with damp grains give it some weight on the palate, the 'damp' far more responsible than the grain bill.
The aftertaste and unpleasantness is minimal, although a complete absence of bitterness allows a lot of sweetness to go unwelcomely unchecked
Taste: none.
Nice chocolate taste.
Like a boston lager with a little bit of chocolate added to it
solid hop bitterness (though little to no hop flavor or aroma)
The flavor came on with a rather earthy character- reminding me of the 'black gold' of the forest floor and conjuring images of the dark wild woods.
In fact, I'd use this flavor note to characterize this porter.
After the initial earthy notes pass, a hops bitterness remains; subtle malt hints continued on my palate to taper down to a long lasting flavor and a clean finish.
Hints of toasted malt way down on the finish profile lingered..
I'd like a little more flavor body with a heavier mouthfeel, but as it is, it's perfectly permissible for a porter.
Flavor is sweet and slightly bitter, and you sure notice the alcohol.burn.
Bitter finish.
The taste is grainy and bready.
The bready isn't like a Belgian, but almost stale tasting.
I don't mean this in a negative way, but just as a means of distinguishing the two.
It isn't as watered down as I expected.
Great mouthfeel and a nice sweet banana at first with mild carbonation, turning into a good simple brown bread.
Light milkshake wet/viscosity feel and some light faint milk chocolate as well.
Flavor is same as the aroma, toasty malt with light hop balance.
The taste is quite good for a light, N.
American brew that is in wide distribution.
Taste is rip-roaring hops.
I kind of like it, as it's not the common grapefruity laden hops of most American IPAs.
It's slightly different, like I said in aroma, Piney.
There's also a touch of sweet malt on the foretaste to balance it, but this one is hop driven.
The taste is lemony with a light body.
The hops are very light and there is little malt.
Taste is more of the same.
I find it leaning more towards chocolate than anything else.
Hops can definitely be detected behind the malt backbone.
Taste has a light malt profile with a strong bit of raspberry flavoring, not overpoweringly sweet, but very artificial tasting.
No hop flavors to speak of.
Flavours are also typical of the witbier style, but this is a sweet and well balanced example.
There are fruit tones in the palate that I don't pick up in the aroma.
Taste was very clean and had a piney hopped finish.
Really can't ask for more from an APA except for something distinctive to set it apart from the rest of them.
Well executed though.
No aftertaste.
T- It's smooth and slightly sweet.
The finish is dry and hoppy, with a touch of papaya.
Excellent dry hoppy aftertaste.
Intriguing how it hit the palate, sizzles, then poof dissapears, then a drawn out mineral, sour and balanced finished.
Those elements are joined in the mouth by some overripe apple and a touch of leafy bitterness.
A bit of what seems to be oxidation, but not enough to significantly detract from the experience.
Tastes of dark fruits and dark caramel malts.
Very yeasty, giving it a nice tang.
Much dryer than one would think going in.
Thick and wheaty flavour of cloves, banana, apricots and oranges.
Quite tart in the back of the throat
Bananas in the long velvetly soft finish with hoppy note from orange-peels.
Some vinous grape notes initially, though lessening with air and exposing a bit of light wood and spice.
Black currant adds some depth, along with a subtle hint of vanilla and carob, then more dark cherry.
Nicely tart yet not really sour.
Mostly tart cherry in flavor and with a firm bite of carbonation that tingles the palate.
A bit of smoke and wood appear briefly then a moderate fruit sense returns.
T: Quite bitter, piney, but not overly so, mediated by an earth savoryness, very hoppy.
Rich flavor, nearly no hopping as far as I can tell despite the name.
Maybe this is the English-style IPA rather than the American style.
Bready, a little banana.
Again, not complex but tasty.
The 'Cheat Sheet' mentioned Belgian Dubbel and IPA yeast with chocolate malt as well as flake rye.
I got a mild chocolate sweetness on the immediate finish, followed by a lingering rye spiciness.
Taste...I'd swear this was a Budweiser.
Same degree of carbonation, same rice taste, same bitterness level, same yeast character...everything is the same.
This is identical.
Clean finish.
No perceptable alcohol.
I'd guess this is in the 3.5-4.5% ABV.
No metals or other perceptable off-flavors.
T - More bitter than indicated by the smell.
Nice malt backbone with a rather dry, cracker-like flavor.
Citrusy hop flavor reminiscent of orange zest.
Assertive bitterness that gradually fades into a balanced finish.
T- very well balanced and hopped with a nice citrus perhaps even tropical appeal to the flavor.
the hop flavor is floral at the end and doesnt linger or coat the palate excessivly
The taste is of a rich maltiness, showing dark chocolate and coffee with sweet notes of nuts, giving the brew a moccha like flavor.
A warming but not overwhelming alcohol aspect appears at the time when hops usually get noticeable.
The dark chocolate aspect persists and the finish is a bit sweeter than the body.
light vanilla mixed with like roasted malts.
light hints of coffee and cocoa.
i even taste sweet bourbon.
kind of sweet and candy like.
kind of wet up front and dry in the finish
Taste is loaded with sweet caramel offset nicely by the advertised 'hop bite.' I also get some tea in the finish, but I think that could just be an effect of the hops.
Taste is of tomato juice, clam broth, lime flavor, and maybe some Bud Light.
Taste was much the same, a lot of flavor.
A little too sweet for my taste, but I think this is a tasty beer.
Taste is akin to liquid chocolate-covered banana.
Slight carmel notes and pepper clove spice round this one out.
Plastic is noted once again
The taste is of wheat, a bit of malt, and a little fruit flavour in there too
Initially sweeter, then moving towards a drier, alcohol-laden finish.
Alcohol burn at the end.
Pretty wine-like.
Taste was pretty nice, more on the lines of a brown ale though, no Belgian characteristics that I could find.
Taste: floral hops across the tongue.
Smooth bitterness is almost refreshing.
Malty sweetness present but in a nice supporting role to the hops.
Taste: Tastes more like an american wheat beer than a hefeweizen.
Malt flavor is not satisfyingly present.
This beer has some of the spiciness typical of the style, but nothing to prop it up.
Is this the beer that austrian frat boys drink at their parties
Nice flavour.
Bitterness fit well with the floral flavour and the citrus notes added some depth mid-palate.
Spices appeared towards the end, melding with lingering floral character.
Sweetness was more sugary than malty.
Taste: bread, caramel, dark fruit, and a slightly hoppy ending
I like the bready taste.
t - sweet and spicy up front with a big hop punch as expected.
Hops are very piney.
Great lasting aftertaste
Taste has the hops; nice crispness and flavor
T - Earthy hay and pepper.
Touch or orange.
Very saison-like.
Taste is a combination of malt, sweetness, slightly turned fruit, a tinge of bitterness, and a touch of sourness.
Taste is quintessential Rodenbach, deep wood aromas, big Brett presence, a bit of fruitiness, but overall huge funk, though no horseblanket or leather, overall very very smooth, more sour than tart.
This is probably attributable to the unblended 'old' lambic character of this beer.
The taste is a touch of wheat with the raspberries and a bitter finish with hops.
The raspberry flavor washed away to nothing after the swallow.
It started out nice but ended up watery.
I was hoping for a bit more fruit in the taste.
Smell and taste both had touch of sour almost like a drop of Flemish sour.
T- Yeah, that confirms it.
It tastes good, I imagine at one point is was VERY good but I am getting the thicker syrupy taste that happens to the IPA's and DIPA's as they get a little older.
Fresh would have been good
The flavours are heavy on the chocolate side, with some really intense roast flavours coming on through.
Really nice bitter chocolate aftertaste.
chocolate all over the palette and a bit of roast but nowhere near as much chocolate
Tasting it: nice hop attack on the palate, dry and brittle in the mouthfeel, before slowly fading back.
Returns with each sip.
Gets juicier and brighter toward the end.
Nice taste.
The taste is also malty up front but has enough hops to balance out the flavor There is a good mouthfeel, a little on the thick side for what it is but still quite good.
Grass notes, bready, soapy hops in the finish.
The taste is nice, malt, raisins and tones of bread (yeast) mixed in.
Sour tart taste that transitions to sweet and then a slight bitter end.
Subtle aftertaste of alcohol.
Slight acidity to this one.
3.0 T: Moderate, or maybe more, hop bitterness.
Crystal malts with a very slight nuttiness.
Touch of citrusy hops.
None of the flavors are very strong other than the bitterness and they don't go together that well.
T: nothing to write home about - it's a dry stout, a little bitter, not that much malt, but it's okay
First sip reveals sweetness with some hops bitterness.
I don't pick up much spiciness that would lend to more complexity.
Tastes like drinking pineapple juice with some bitterness.
Candi sugar is evident.
Beer reveals a little more after allowing to warm.
Still the sweetness seems to mask any spiciness.
The taste was nothing special.
Very little alcohol taste present, though it did leave a warming feeling going down.
Taste was a little dry and malty with only a light hop taste on the finish.
T - Mushrooms, earthy vegetation, sweet malty cake batter, and cashews.
Soy sauce and Thai peanut sauce.
Oddly lacking in hoppage, but interesting and complex nonetheless.
This is a malt centered beer and has the taste of some dark fruits, especially raisins but more so on the finish.
Subtle hop bitterness.
A slight alcohol taste is well balanced for the style.
(T)- Not as awesome as the smell, but still very good.
Nice spice and pumpkin characters.
The oak aging definitely added a nice dryness and an oakier, almost sherry-like finish to it that is quite nice.
A very sweet brew with maple syrup and molasses dominating the aromas and tastes.
In the taste, just like the smell, big roasty malt and coffee, yet coffee being quite smooth.
T - More big fruity flavours.
Fruity citrus - grapefruit and orange.
Bitterness finally shows in the aftertaste.
Very warming of course, at 9%, but the alcohol is well hidden.
Balance is superb
The taste is what you would expect from a pale ale it's crisp, dry, and bitter.
The piney hops stand out in the finish.
Dark roasted malts leading to flavors of espresso, Hershey chocolate and sugary dairy.
A well crafted, smooth and complex stout.
The finish has a dark roast coffee and bitter hop flavor
T: Lots of spice and creaminess along with a bit of tartness.
The oak adds a whole character of its own, and has me really enjoying this beer.
Strong taste of citrus which lasts throughout.
Aftertaste is not bitter.
Taste is just ok.
Some nice citrusy hop flavors up front, with an unexpectedly bitter bite in the aftertaste.
Hints of malt help make up some ground, but it's just a little unbalanced
Taste is a little hoppier than a lot of ales, but it's a Stone brew, and they do hops well.
The front half of the tongue is tingled with caramel flavors that are quickly overcome with the acidity of the hops on the way down; The bitterness hangs around a lot longer than I'd like, which brings the taste numbers down.
Taste: Belgian yeast, brown sugar and a complimentary cherry presence making this bottle conditioned ale quite a delight.
Nice depth of flavor, the whole range of cherry and belgian notes.
Taste, smooth and crisp, chocolate biscuits and a whack of roasted bitterness on the finish
Tastes more like a weak macro lager.
Grainy and a little sweet at the start.
Weak sweet corn aftertaste
T: Again with the sweet vanilla and limited booze.
Peppery alcohol, butterscotch, toffee, and loads of other sweet bourbon characteristics come through on the palate.
Damn is this smooth
T: It had a bold sweet malt flavor with a honey and caramel sweetness that covered hints of yeast and cirtusy hops.
Nice balance of flavors.
T: Much like the smell.
It's got the characteristic lambic funk, but it seems subdued - apologetic almost.
I was expecting more, and to be honest, quite disapointed.
Complimented by a lemon zest flavor.
Overall, the taste was light, subtle, and a bit watery.
Tastes malty up front with some very slight fruitiness and a bit of bitterness to round things out.
Taste: Bitter/hoppy, citrus, a little malt.
Some lemongrass and ripened apple accent the bready, wheaty base.
This one is definitely balanced away from the hop bitterness at 14 BUs.
Creamy malt sweetness ...
with a light hop presence.
T-3.5 very smooth and drinkable not overpowered by grain
Taste: Chocolate, up front, with a developing roasty taste that adds some hop elements by mid-palate; after the swallow, the chocolate comes back to the front; the finish is dry and somewhat crisp
T - Chocolate is foremost and it's thick, rich, semi sweet chocolate.
This is an imperial and the chocolate is almost in semi sweet chocolate syrup form.
Not many other flavors present except some toasty pumpernickel, warming alcohol and a bitter background.
T: Very standard porter untill you get hit with the Big Vanilla finnish
Taste: immediate roasted malt taste, that drifts away as it passes through.
not much happening after that.
Finishes as it began with a lingering roasted flavor.
First taste of the beer is pretty good, but, as I drank, there were no surprises and no complexity to keep me interested
Not hoppy in the slightest.
Quite sweet.
Taste reveals a coffee ground spice, very earthy.
T-comes in with a good crisp taste of grapefruit.
goes in to a decent taste of piney hops.
the tastes aren't overly powerful but they're nice and crisp.
it has a nice after-taste of grapefruit
The taste was pretty crisp with a nice malt like taste.
This brew was not as sweet as I thought it would, however a slight sweetness is detectable.
taste - still get some banana with kicks of booze but i pick up more dark fruit and caramel malt - plenty of spice from the yeast - not very sugary sweet which i like - nice and dry
Taste is smooth rich malts, rather subdued, leading into a nice citrus hop punch, that finishes out without much lingering bitterness.
The hops are the central character, but they're backed up well by some malty richness and sweetness.
Looking at it, I was definitely expecting more roasted malt character than I got.
Lots of fruit in the taste.
Grapefruit mostly, also orange and melon.
Tiny bit of piney hops.
A little bread
Hoppy and warming.
A good balance between the malt and spices (of which it's not too heavy on).
The flavor is thinner than I expected, starting roasted and bitter, finishing bitter and woody, but largely lacking any flavor in between.
ooh...not so butterscotchy tasting, but welcomingly sweet and dry at the finish with nutty roasting.
not bitter.
lemon, woody, piney
Taste: Lightly toasted base maltiness with a touch of dry caramel and crumbled cookies, though with only a light, restrained amount of sweetness.
The Simcoe hops serve up a fresh taste of citrus, particularly grapefruit, and a nice, spicy 'pop' of white pine.
Moderate bitterness.
Finishes dry, crisp, and with some continued bitterness into the aftertaste.
The taste is like the aroma.
Dark caramel-chocolate, dark candy sugar, raisin, dark plum flavor.
Dark candy sugar, chocolate aftertaste.
Booze is hidden super well.
T/D: Tastes of coffee with a heavy mixing of chocolate.
The bitter & chocolate flavors compliment and play off each other as the flavors spread over the tongue.
As expected, the alcohol remains subdued but becomes slightly more noticeable as the beer warms.
Taste is almost like that of mead, with a definite honey presence.
It's taste is strong and very unique.
I haven't had a beer quite like it.
As it warms, the complexities become more apparent, which add to the flavor immensely.
T - Grainy with lots of wheat, coriander, lemons, and mild pine hopping.
The malt is crackery and crisp and blends well with the other flavors going on during the sip.
The flavor is initially steely and similar to your average lager, but then some hops join in and you get a decent bitter kick.
Aftert that, some honey joins in and some fruitiness and more hops on the finish.
Well balanced, but lacking in flavor.
The taste is light hops throughout with an unwelcome metallic finish.
Taste is pretty good, dry and refreshing with some orange/citrus fruitiness, more soft, spicy wheat, some spices in the background and a pleasant tartness in the finish.
Low bitterness.
Taste - Strong malty chocolate and oaked/whiskey start this beer out.
Lots of coffee flavors add the typical bitterness of ris's.
The oaked flavor is a mix of bourbon, vanilla and dark fruits like plum and rasin.
Alcohol warm in each drink, as is cocoa and roasted malts
caramel and pale malts in this one help round the beer out and balancing hop bitterness that is piney and citrusy.
Taste: Caramel maltiness with a medium amount of sweetness.
Light buttery hints.
Hunks of juicy grapefruit.
Medium bitterness and acidity - finishes same.
T-The initial taste is nice juicy green hops with hints of pine and very faint watermelon.
This is followed by a nice malt flavor of caramel, biscuit and honey flavors.
The finish has a nice hop bitterness that hangs on your breath.
The finish has a slight dryness to it
Taste is much more muted than suggested by the nose.
Citrus prevails, as well as a medicinal quality.
There's also light fruit and toasted malt presence in the flavor profile.
The first taste, I got a lot of foam and got hit with the malt then a bit of metalic taste.
I'm not sure about the metalic taste but it didn't come back for the rest of the glass.
Tastes much like it smells with great balance.
Taste is heavy with coffee and roast.
Like a roasted latte taste with some chocolate twinges.
Finish is a bit muddy, with a noticeable but kind of fleeting roasted after-taste.
Taste is complex with typical brown ale caramel sweetness giving way quickly to overpowering tart raspberry and ending with a clean dry finish.
Alcohol is well masked by the tartness, but sneaks up on you quick.
Tartness is a bit out of balance and tarnishes other good flavors.
The taste is very nice, smooth yet not bland, phenolic flavor.
Pleasantly surprising, the red eye is a malty English-style ale with a medium to slightly dark caramel malt base, a berry-like fruitiness from the yeast, and minty and leafy hops.
A firm bitterness acts as ballast, and it's tightly tied together and balanced
Tastes similar to how it smells.
Black and roasted malt flavors up front are joined by hints of cocoa midway through the sip that disappear before a mildly bitter ending.
The flavors aren't as dark as others I've had in the style and the flavors integrate well.
T - Soft, smooth pale malts with a caramel sweetness bring way to a well-balanced and fresh hop profile.
The hops bring piney, citrusy, and light fruity flavors to your tastebuds.
Extremely well balanced beer.
Only a moderate bitterness with a dry finish.
T: Clean malt, a touch of grainy sweetness.
There is a discernible Hallertau hop presence, followed by a citrusy twang.
Smooth like Trinkwasser.
The taste is light get a little sweetness but mostly weak hops and skunky.
Taste and mouth is very smooth and bubbly.Hops right off the bat and a nice maltiness that doesn't go unnoticed.
The taste is barely drinkable after it warms even a touch, so drink it cold if you must drink it.
Taste is similar to aroma.
A touch of roasted dryness at first sip follows sweet aftertaste.
Chocolate, coffee, and a lightly sweet finish; medium-full body, decent head (pours out of the bottle-neck like a lazy geyser); lovely golden-brown color
As you sip, lightly fruity apple flavors, some pale malt and then a middling persistent hoppiness, a slow burn of hops.
Lightly metallic.
T: clean palate, the flavour balance gears towards lager malts plus a little sourness of most lager beer, but the residual grassy taste, 'plastic' undertone of dry, Northern German Pilsener, and a lightly dry palate in the aftertaste do ring a bell of hops.
Not much unpleasant grainy or cheap-adjunct flavour is left in the end - rather, it's quite clean and neutral in taste.
Flavor of hops and biscuit malt, practically no finish.
The beer provided a great conundrum for me, sweet black coffee.
The coffee roastiness is more powerful than the sweetness, but it is still fairly balanced.
The roastiness also provides a good bitterness in the finish.
Sweet malt base under an odd herby, woody taste with musky aspects.
Maybe some lavender.
T: As in the nose, the ale is very thick, treacly with hops.
The citrus loses its way, too thick and heavy.
The bitterness is bold and doesn't subside, even if it can't be rationally described.
Flavor matches the nose with long luscious strands of caramel wending their way around your mouth.
Before long the malt seems as narcotic as hops can be
Roasted malts, smooth coffee, and chocolate.
Not very bitter or alcoholic
Pitch perfect acidity is the calling card of Dark White.
It sneaks in on the entry, but builds strength in route to the finish.
Its not funky or bretty or sour, this is the kind of acidity you get from a nice Sauvignon Blanc or Champagne.
Beyond the crisp acidity and beautiful finish.
It has a light metallic note with good citrus character and lingering earthy notes.
The finish is crisp and satisfying.
Malt is there in the taste but barely.
The floral piney hops dominate.
my taste buds picked up raisins,lots of malt and a hint of vanilla.the AC came in midway...well hidden for 12% in taste but not the buzz.
Starts and finishes sweet and raisiny.
Taste - Complex burst of flavors
Drinkability - As it warms up the caramel and brown sugar sweetness becomes very noticeable.
T- Very(!
) bitter hop profile.
German malts make their presence known for sure.
Taste: Sweet roasted malt, sweet plums and cherries, very small hoppy character, strong oak flavor, and a small metallic flavor.
The flavors are a little bit light toward the end
Sweet dark fruit, roasted malt, and oak flavors are all very well balanced.
T- Sweet malts/ mild spice followed with a tartness and a crisp citrus end
The flavor is definitely based on the original lager, but it appears to be altered with some sweet malts.
The combination is very good and I sure do enjoy the overall taste of this one.
The beer has a ryeish, dry hop taste that contains earthy tones and is not very complex but good.
Balanced out by the malts for a refreshing, smooth ale that keeps you wanting more.
T - Lots of yeast up front, followed by a sweet almost banana-lke flavor.
It wasn't like real bananna though, it was more like banana candy, like bananna Now & Laters, or Laffy Taffy.
I also detected a tiny bit of citric bitterness in the finish.
MF&D - The sweetness was good, but not overpowering and the flavor coated my mouth well.
The taste is mild and milky with a touch of sweetly-bland roasted gourdfruit, dilute unsweetened hot cocoa mix, and a dusting of bakers' chocolate.
The mild lactic sweetness is nicely accented in the finish by mellow, coffee-like bitterness, and a silky note of cream-heavy mocha drizzled in dark caramel lingers in the aftertaste.
Earthy, powdery-dry cocoa becomes much more prominent as the drink progresses.
This is an impressively clean tasting beer.
Taste follows nose, with the addition of an expression of light, toasted malt, a slightly watery quality and a metallic flavor that peaks out at the finish.
Taste had that typical dry bitterness, but it was light and watery enough to make this a relaxing summer drink.
Taste: taste of cereal, water an a hint of metal of some sort, not over powering but deffinitly detectable on the palate.
Taste is similar, hoppy upfront with the citrus then going into a malt backing to balance it out
Light overall flavor, lacking the dominace of flavors one would expect, such as citrus or coriander.
Wheat is a little light too.
Quite a bit more hop dryness than I noted in others of style.
A little too sour.
Has a refreshing quality to it.
This is different, a bit like dried fruit, sweet malt and licorice.
Taste was toasted malts.
There was a lingering pleasant bitterness.
This one demonstrated a well balanced gentle tanginess I expect from a good porter.
Thick palate of milk chocolate, cocoa, toasted cocoa nibs, small amounts of cafe au lait, and a touch of tangerine hop influence.
Clean yeast profile with a slight mustiness inn the aftertaste.
Some fruit up front with a nice chocolate presence and a mild bitter finish
The taste consisted of am earthy hop spice with a soft cereal malt
Taste - A little harsh and piney up-front that fades into a nice malty wash.
Good bitterness in the finish that lingers.
Each sip is a flavorful transition from harsh and flavorful, to sweet and soothing, to bitter and anticipating.
T: Good, especially compared to XXXX's other offerings.
Well-balanced hops and malt.
Palate is a rich and complex blend of malty sweetness, dark fruit, and brown sugar up front.
A subtle hoppy bitterness emerges before the swallow and lingers long into the aftertaste, balancing things out a bit.
Notes of figs and prunes come through on the finish.
Taste- Sweet and bready, the malts carry this experience from start to almost the very finish...
it's a consistent, and eventually predictable journey over the tongue.
Props for balance and elegance, as the final hop bitterness gently rounds out the malts and dries the palate
T: Some bready, caramel malts with a strong alcohol flavor.
Tropical fruits and a faint concord grape in the background.
A rather wickedly bitter aftertaste that shocks at first, but as you sip the initial shock wears off and mellows.
Taste is also lighter than expected but nice nonetheless.
No real trace of alcohol but a good amount of hop is used to complement the spice and darker malt.
The flavor is quite hoppy initially with citrus and floral character, followed by some sweet caramel malt, fruity esters, alcohol and some toasted bread.
While i enjoyed this beer, honestly it seemed too similar to their barleywine (which is fantastic) but i was expecting a much different beast than old ruffian and that is what this beer most resembles to me.
The flavor has some citrusy and piney hops upfront (but more muted compared to when fresh), along with caramel and toffee, rum cake, dark fruits, caramelized pecans, and some alcohol The mouthfeel is really smooth and drinkability is much improved.
T - Starts off with sweet caramel malt and some citrus hop in the background.
There is some other fruity flavors mixing around.
Through the middle, some stronger citrus hops some though with a bit of bitterness.
The finish is a mix of some stronger hop flavor and caramel malts that linger nicely.
delicious rich blend of roasted dark coffee, faint chocolate, and hazlenut tastes---molasses.
T: The hops come through a bit more when drinking.
Very crisp and herbal with a hint of pine as well.
The rye flavor is spicy and bready but i think the hops overshadow them a bit.
Tastes of sweet brown sugar, maple syrup and huge prunes again.
A light roasted coffee fades in to finish it off.
Earthy, floral and dry up front but only slightly bitter with hints of grass, pine and soil.
This is countered by a sweet malt presence with hints of caramel, toffee, biscuit and faint nuttiness.
Crisp, well balanced and easy to drink with a dry, spicy hop finish.
T: The ale has the requisite clove and banana flavors that I'd expect from a dunkel weizen but the beer seems to come just shy of being great.
The flavors are too sweet.
T: A slightly tangy taste.
The spices (coriander, clove) definately come through.
The citrus flavor is also quite detectable.
Taste: Pale malts with a modest amount of supporting caramel sweetness.
Hop flavors present fresh orange peelings, white pine, and humble meadow flowers.
Medium bitterness.
A bit more maltiness prior to the bittersweet finish.
The taste started off faint with toasted malts and caramel.
Then halfway through, the taste all of a sudden became crispy with citrus hops and a slice of grapefruit.
While the flavor focuses on crisp malt and herbal spices while the aroma is filled with smooth floral hops that make a great compliment to the grassy and citrus yeast character.
Tastes wet sweet.
A touch grassy and some oranges.
Some sour tang.
The sweet becomes a bit much.
Aftertaste show a mild and drying hop bitter.
The taste is quite the same.
Some crisp, bitter offerings akin to grapefruit and pine.
The malt bill is quite large but finishes with hop offerings easily applied.
A sweet, buttered biscuit taste sits briefly and translates into a caramel taste.
Taste is strong Belgian yeast and malts, with more tart funkiness, though less so than on the nose.
Peach, banana, figs, as well as green grapes are some of the fruits I can discern.
Peppery finish from the wild yeast.
Taste is hoppy but not so much as the 90 min IPA, a bit malty too.
Sour cherry hits the palate first, with enough sweetness to keep it interesting.As that fades away it becomes a little too sour.
However, after about a minute or so, the finish is nice and malty.
A strong start, a good finish, but an iffy middle.
The taste is fruity, light honey, a bit sweetie.
Hints of spiciness here and there (coriander, pepper).
Orange, orange flowers.
In the aftertaste flowers and some spices.
Less sweet.
Some honey again, less strong.
White flowers, orange.
T- Burnt malt with sweet milk on the backend.
A sweet sugary lemon citrus ring intitally, followed by the great fruit smorgasborg.
A melon character to it as well, absolutely delicious.
taste is malty and full.
the spices mellow out the finish.
taste - very sweet front end.
caramel, maybe brown sugar.
it'd almost be too much if the oak finish didn't clean things up with a dry burst at the end
The taste is citrusy and clean.
The malt profile is hard to describe, but its somewhat sweet, which compliments the aroma and bitterness well.
The flavor profile replicates the nose, with the beer showing an impressive blend of light honey, bread dough, and peppery bitterness on the finish.
Taste was another blast of cascade, with a sweet malty middle, and very long finish of hop bitterness.
In my haste, I sipped too soon and was rewarded with flat black coffee, anise, and some burnt notes (my fault, not the beer's).
On the tongue it has a lot of heavily roasted (burnt?
) coffee and a tiny bit of sweetness giving way to some caramel notes and then back to the bitterness of baker's cocoa that produces a drying effect on the palate-I wish the sweetness would linger somewhat as well.
T: Caramel malt up front with a grainy taste.
Then it finishes with a more sweet dark fruity taste.
Finishes dry.
The taste followed suit, clean and simple.
Sweet malts, caramel, and a balancing bitterness.
A tasty dark lager
Taste has the same big piney grapefruit bitterness that lingers with sweet malt in the back.
T - ripe dark fruit soaked in alcohol, rich maltiness, delightful spice notes, aftertaste is more lingering fruit
T - Good flavor and slight hop finish at end
The taste is clean, crisp, and incredibly fresh.
Semi dry finish with a slight yeast flare.
A little fruit zest here, a sweet tang of honey essence, and I'm in love
Great mouthfeel that is well carbonated and carries great front to back.
Flavor has nice balance, with a delicate sweetness and finish.
Fairly similar to Duvel.
Complex, but not as hoppy as the aroma would suggest.
The malts are a bit darker and more to the forefront than in a traditional IPA.
There is a little roastyness and sweetness, but the hops still make their presence known.
Taste - Mild.
Very metallic.
More off characters than good ones
A full and rounded sweetness with flavours of coriander and citric rind riding out its wake.
Hop bitterness is quite noticeable but not harsh, more of a pungent flavour that tries to meld with the fruitiness.
Estery alcohol flares a bit with fruity and mild solvent flavours.
A tight spiciness opens up in the middle with a quick peppery note and a bite from the hops as well as a meek medicinal phenol that rounds the brew out.
An underlying nuttiness from the yeast adds an other complex bite to the every growing hop flavour that is bothersome and oddly attractive at the same time.
Taste: Light taste with a decent sweetness.
The taste seemed to match the smell as it wasn't too sweet and had a decent grain aftertaste.
Entry is smooth with a subdued level of carbonation allowing orange peel and the Belgian yeast to shine.
Mid-taste begins with a deep malt presence combined with complex spiciness.
The finish is dry and ping-pongs between the distinct yeast and malty spices.
Apples, pecans, toffee, biscuit all weave into an ester-malty culmination that's balanced by the earthy bitterness of grass and spice from Noble English hops- slight fruity with orange zest and grapefruit carry a Challenger hop character that might remind me of citrusy American hops.
Well melded sweetness takes the shape of mild ripe tobacco as the floral character of hops complement the bold malts.
T - Pretty intense and complex taste that evolves as it warms up.
Sweet melon upfront with some nice acidic sourness as well.
Some funk throughout but stronger towards the end.
Definite citrus notes leaning more tends lemon.
Given the fairly intense aroma profile, I was a bit surprised and disappointed by the modest amount of flavor I got on this moderately (at most) sweet frame.
I thought it was still pretty nice beer, but given how it smelled, I just expected more.
It has the taste that I can really enjoy however, with just a bit of the hops and sweetness but major Belgian yeast flavor mixed with a citrus flavor
Taste/Mouthfeel/Drinkability: This will be done through a list of desribing words---chewy, tangy, mouthpuckering, full-bodied, tart citrus, grapefruit bitterness, and honey nectar.
Dunno if that simplifies things...but for me it works.
Mighty tasty!
Alcohol comes out initially and gives it a boozy feel but easily dies down as it warms to give the smell a warm fullness.
First sip you're struck by the thick boozy esters but after an acclimatization and a warming minute or two, the full glory of this beer comes out.
Appley esters, full graininess, light cloves almost peppery spiciness, grassy and lemony bitter finish, a thin candy sweetness winds its way.
If you like hops, then this will double the size of your hop head.
T-Roasted malt up front with backing notes of coffee, chocolate and dark fruit.
Touch of spicy/earthy hops.
Most prevalent in the after taste is the subtle zing of sour cherry.
Building dry finish.
The taste was better than the aroma suggested, with dry, creamy, roasty, chocolaty, and coffee flavors swirling around.
Tastes fairly sweet with citrus, lemon and some mild spiciness hitting the palate first, followed by some wheats and malts.
Tastes of citrus, some caramel, and the same floralness.
Taste starts out almost sugary sweet and is followed by roasted malts, sweet fruit (raisin) and some alcohol.
Rich malty flavour balanced out nicely by the hops, goes down very easy and is quite refreshing.
The malt definitelty dominates over the hop content in this pale ale.
T: Nice vanilla and bourbon wash over your tongue on the way down.
Slight chocolate hiding underneath
The flavor is much like the aroma.
Some orange and yeast spices, finishes with a bitter hop.
Intensely bitter at first but was soon beaten by the malty sweetness.
Taste -chew and rich.
Profound hop backing bitterness like dark chocolate/espresso.
Very bitter close
Great taste, a nice deep maltiness with a fantastic bitter ending; very nice American hops (citrus) with a nice earthy undertone to it.
Goes down very nice, with just the slightest hop roughness.
The flavor is somewhat better, shows some malted milk qualities with carbonation that works decently side-by-side.
Finishes with inadequate hops and a little too much residual sugar sweetness.
Flavor has nice balance, lots of taste, mostly malt accented and possesses notes of caramel and nuts.
Taste is dry, I would even say too dry for my own taste, with a long bitter finish and a strange yeast taste that doesn't mix very well with the rest.
This beer tastes like vomit.
No really, it actually tastes and smells like fresh vomit.
I STRUGGLED through one of these, hoping at some point my palet would adjust to something that I was missing, but no, it just kept tasting like actual vomit.
Taste: Sweet caramel, sweet citrus orange and grapefruit hops, flowery flavor, small hop bitterness, and roasted malt.
Pretty nice balance of sweet and bitter, a bit on the sweet side though
Taste: Very neutral, with herbal, lightly minty, faintly tobacco-y hops resting atop a sea of dry, well-attenuated, roasted malts.
Bitterness is mild to moderate.
It's just a largely mild, inoffensive, nondescript brew.
Pale malts, rhubarb and floral, fruity esters, with suggestions of caramel sweetness.
Sweet, but not overboard, with toasty, caramel malts providing depth.
The carbonation emerges from the body and provides a gentle crisp edge, with a semi-floral hop character and fruitiness that follows.
Residual caramel notes and a toasty sweet linger in the finish.
Chocolate finish and aftertaste.
I have never tasted a beer that was this fruitful.
Usually a beer doesn't have a flavor that is this pronounced.
The only way that I can relate this beer is to think of it as maraschino cherries.
The beer also does not have a major aftertaste.
But the aftertaste it does have is much like the overall taste.
Taste is similarly nice.
Bursting pine and sweet pink grapefruit, a touch of earthy pine bittering, and the nuances of tropical pineapple/papaya/exotic citrus carry through in the form of a lingering nuanced aftertaste.
Good mouthfeel, if a bit light ...
could use maybe a touch more body.
The taste is aggressive with afore-mentioned hops while having a serious amount of malt thrown in for balance.
Taste was sweet and fruity, didn't have much a of a beer taste at all.
If you don't like typical grainy beer flavor, this would be a good one to try.
I give it high marks because it is what it claims to be - fruity, flavored, and not masculine.
T - Sweet and citrusy at the front, bitter and crisp on the way down.
Really delicious but I do not care for the long and overly bitter aftertaste.
Overall an interesting and above average offering.
T: Um...
lightest bit of hops, water, yeah...
T-Wow, the hops, citrus and pine blow out the taste buds, very tangy in taste, yet perfectly balanced, leaving a crisp dry taste to the palate.
Taste: Not as hoppy as the smell would indicate, but the hops are still there.
The hops are a bit peppery and remind me of grapefruit that ain't quite ripe yet.
The bitterness really likes to hang on too, not really leaving a clean finish.
T: rather tart-fruity upfront, a bit like starfruits, with a syrupy touch of malts, then being taken over by a rich flavour of bitter-sweet, honey-ish and faintly peanut-y lager malts that has a semi-chewy toasty element to it.
Finish is decently bitter-sweet, added with a touch of dried grass in the hop bitterness.
Big flavor of fig and prune, some tangy cherry.
Balance of caramel and hops upfront.
Some molasses and roasty malt, punctuated by alcohol warmth, finishes with a flourish of hops.
Mildly sweet.
More prune in the finish.
The flavor is tart lemons with some oak-aged character.
The beer finishes very dry.
Taste is much better than nose, fulfilling many requirements of the style; dry, tart, semi-sweet, with a lingering bitterness.
Coriander, near-buttery malts.
Grain flavor lingers.
Love this beer except for the lingering nutrisweet flavor that pops in and out.
Goes down pretty well, though there is a slight orange-rind astringency I don't particularly care for.
The taste isn't quite as nice, though the chocolate notes really still stand out.
The feel was quite nice with a full body.
The taste hits with chocolate malts at the beginning, then a bit of sweetness, and fades with a decent noble hop finish.
Something isn't quite right with the hops, but I cannot put my finger on it.
It isn't unpleasant, it's disconcerting; it's not right, but it isn't dead wrong, either.
Just odd.
Taste: Yeast and malt up front followed by a burst of banana and citrus esters in the middle then finishes with malt and dry phenols.
Aftertaste is a mixture of sour citrus and phenols.
The high alcohol is well hidden by the tremendous flavor of the beer.
Taste is pretty comparable to most BMCs on the market.
Slightly sweet with the malts and honey.
In the taste, candy sugar, yeast, and a small hop.
A small bite and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a lightly dry candy sugar in the aftertaste.
Taste was a good punch of hops, followed by a semi-sweetness of malt, some grapefruit and pear.
Taste: Starts out rather toasty and the sweet malt builds into the finish; the finish is dry and chalky with some residual sweetness
Taste: Starts with a very clean malty base which turns a bit earthy and coarse in the aftertaste
Nicely balanced beer that definitely lives up to the hype
A sip of this beer, however, reveals some big problems.
The main one is the level of sweetness.
To be sure, German wheat beers typically have a sweet, fruity element to them.
But Franconia Winter Wheat has a heavy, overwhelming sweetness that sets into the tongue and obscures its other facets.
It isn't that the beer isn't 'to style'--I don't really care about that--but rather that it has none of the balance and craftsmanship that I detect in Franconia's three flagship brews.
The modest hop bitterness--which, in a well-made beer, would suffice--here collapse under the unwieldy syrupy-sweet mess.
Those last four ounces were tough to finish.
Coffee and dark chocolate are present in the flavor with some anise lingering about.
No trace of the 12.5% ABV which is very surprising.
A bit grainy, fairly dry, some bitterness on the back of the tongue.
A bit of skunky flavor.
Extreme vanilla-bean flavor, overwhelming everything else.
I consider myself a fan of vanilla.
But this is just too overwhelmingly vanilla.
No subtlety, no craft
The taste is really strong roast with some nuanced complimentary flavors and a bit of booze.
There's a nice touch of hop bitterness as well.
But the focus is on the chocolate and coffee flavors, backed up with a sweet malt base.
There are some notes of fig and prune, plus some licorice that give this depth
There is some lingering roast in the finish and some sweetness.
Taste is big, chewy, meaty, yet immediately approachable.
I get an excellent roasted flavor, colored by a nutty character that makes it sort of pop in my mouth.
Bitterness is perfectly balanced definitely not as aggressive as some, but provides tasteful ballast.
Flavor has it's share of dark chocolate (a ton of it actually), vanilla, and coffee..with the noticeable oaky bourbon flair of course.
The alcohol is not shy in this brew, and you can definitely pick it up with every sip.
Palate is caramelly sweet but not heavily sweet, and light in flavors of cinnamon, nutmeg, and overall malty sweetness.
The taste is slightly sweet, malty, with a good dose of chocolate, slight toffee, caramel.
taste was a bit mild-mannered.
Some creamy sweetness that moves more towards hop toward the end.
Malt flavors were mild and the hops stepped out a bit more.
The taste is a nice mellow mouthful of creamy malt and earthy hops, again, nicely and uniquely blended with a tasteful hint of alcohol at only 5.5%.
Some deep toffee tones are there as well, almost butterscotch sweet.
A dry bitter finish follows.
tasted good with rich malt flavors that are well balanced with hops.
T - Extremely aggressive hoppy character for a plain old IPA with plenty of pine, resin and citrus hop bitterness.
There's also a bit of sweet caramel malt present, but the hops definitely reign supreme here
T: Definitely sweet, but not overwhelmingly so.
The slightly sour notes hold up, and the dark fruit is delicious
A good balance between the carb typical of Delirium and the heft required of a BDSA.
From the bitter to the coffee; with that creamy smooth feel in the mouth.
Well, Guinness has good aftertaste.
t: the bannana flavor that the aroma hinted at deffinatly comes out, theres a nice lemony tart flavor and the wheat flavor really compliments the other flavors well
An assertive sweetness from candied sugar presents itself as well, slightly masking a healthy dose of alcohol.
Rich ripe fruit swirls on the tongue, brining with it plum, cherry and a touch of sweetness.
Fairly reminiscent of Quelque Chose, but with a touch more alcohol presence.
More malt and sweet pear in the mouth.
Man this is a real fun beer to warm up to!
The concentration of malt,and the subtle entrance of fruit in the way of roasted pear, tart cherry and red berry make for a complex taste experience.
Pretty to the end with washes of vanilla and bittersweet hop.
T- Taste is pleasingly sweet in the mouth but has a sorta stingy aftertaste that requires you to put something else in your mouth.
Also got a hint of roasted malts.
T - More fresh baked bread with some very lightly roasted malt as well as more light almost herbal hop bitterness in the finish.
The taste is probably even better than the smell.
It's a perfect balance of hops and malt
The flavor is a little bit weaker though, a slight nuttiness with some fruitiness to round it out.
A little bit of metallic hops in the background.
Upfront in the taste are figs and cherry, and the honey is detectable.
This beer also reminds me of a German lebkuchen as well.
The initial taste is of slight bitterness and carbonation followed by a fruity backbone.
It is rather substantial in flavor.
It is little too carbonated for me, though the sweet aftertaste on the tongue is welcoming
This one is better than I thought and more flavorful.
Dried citrus fruits and spruce on the pallet.
Some lightly toasted malt follows through and a smidge of warming alcohol.
Drying and firmly bitter with a chaulky nod.
Finishes with pineapple skins, biscuit malt, and mild grapefruit with apricots.
Tasty enough, and this ones seeming pretty fresh.
Taste- The taste is my favorite part of this beer.
Lots of orange popping up all over this one.
The juicy finish keeps you from getting too dry.
T - Carmel, solid malt base, booze, washed over with pretty decent hop flavor.
T - A lot of bourbon up front with coffee bitterness on swallow - the bourbon completely overwhelmed any more subtle flavors on the first sip.
As you adjust to the bourbon, the roasted malt flavors appear.
Big floral hops, wheat & yeast, perhaps just a hint of pepper, and lemon or similar citrus flavor.
T - Belgian spices with lemon peel
It's a little too hoppy to be considered a straight belgian strong but a great california style clone of the style.
The taste is a pretty balanced one.
Sweet malts stand out.
A bit of a vanilla taste as well.
A very slight bitterness rounds everything off.
Very well balanced.
The taste followed the nose closely - figs and plums, sugary sweet malts and a slight spiciness with a light alcohol finish.
T: Caramel malt and a slight rye flavor followed by a lot of peppercorn heat.
T/M: Huge espresso flavors--like drinking a Starbucks doubleshot.
More coffee.
A burnt characteristic really comes out as the beer warms.
Did I mention coffee
Taste: Light English malts with nice hop presence that leaves a grapefruit bitter aftertaste that slowly builds.
For an IPA, it really isn't all that bitter - more balanced.
Taste is similar to smell but the grass presence is much stronger, decent hop/malt balance.
Almost lacking any kind of aftertaste save for a weak hop flavor.
Taste is similar - roasted notes, malty sweetness and just a touch of hops.
Taste: Wow.
This taste great.
It has a good blend of cocoa malts.
Very bitter piney hops.
Slight tropical fruit sweetness.
Very bitter finish.
Flavors followed the nose with both bottles.
There were complex layers of roast, chocolate, caramel, and molasses.
The toffee caramel flavors were more pronounced in the 1 year aged bottle.
That's why I preferred the aged bottle more.
T-Good solid peppery hop flavour up front.
This is balanced well with an ample dose of sweet caramel malt.
A well balanced and flavourful APA.
Hop bitterness lasts through the pint.
T: Bland and non-offensive at first.
Like the nose, it's sweet -- molasses, corn syrup and maybe some caramel malt.
A slight metallic aftertaste appears deep at the end of the sip, but mainly this is all about sweetness.
Hoppy by American standards it ain't, but in terms of British beer I've had, the hops really shine through
On top opf the hops, the toffee qualities of the malt really shine though.
A yummy beer, all-in-all.
The balance seems off as well since the hops over power the malt to a great extent.
Taste had a buttery toffee ringwood flavor (again, do they use ringwood?
sure seems like it), some lemon that just wasn't right (like I said in the smell, like it was rotten, who knows), and a soggy wheat sort of flavor.
I did not enjoy it at all.
Taste some sweet malt, and grass.
Not much better than a macro.
Hints of caramel malt, pepper, light fruit, cinnamon and brown sugar.
It is a sweet, extremely smooth, and delicate beer.
It gets better as is warms, and is a beer best drank after a meal, when you can just relax with it.
It is a strong beer, but the sweetness of it masks the alcohol content nicely.
Light, pleasant hops are balanced on the palate by biscuit malt and lemon fruit.
Creamy cocoa and coffee are at the front of the flavor.
Roasted grain and a mellow nut flavor back it up, with a hint of hop on the finish.
Somewhat light, but creamy at the same time, this is a difficult one to try to describe.
Signature, classic English malt flavor with a full, bitter finish.
Toffee and a hint of caramel as well.
The taste is hard to pinpoint, as it is complex, but it is not very bold.
Malts and clove with a tart aftertaste are present in nearly every sip, while anise, black and roasted malts, even lemon peel and black pepper take turns in the spotlight.
T: Coffee, chocolate, roasted malt, hints of toffee, and a small but existent hop presence
Tastes like malted sour cherries and vanilla notes.
Pretty full beer, creamy with a tart sour cherry finish.
The taste was good, not great.
Fruity and banana dominated the tastes, but like Blue Moon this felt slightly watered down and subdued.
Mild roasted malts, dark caramel, and a hint of vanilla start the palate.
Traces of burnt sugar and char follow through.
Finishes with light traces of vanilla and roast
Pretty unimpressive.
Taste had some light caramel, little bitterness and pine-nuttiness.
I'm rating slightly below avg for this style
T/MF: Great taste: silky smooth in the mouth.
Malty with a toffee finish.
Crisper finish than expected.
Malty more than bitter.
Sweetish aftertaste.
Flavor ditto.
Tastes like an artificially flavored Witte.
There's no way the orange flavor is authentic.
Taste exhibited some malt, but too weak.
Some smoky/peaty action in there, as well as a touch of hops at the end lending some bitterness.
I was looking for more malt and sweetness....not to be found here.
The taste is similar to the smell but with a slightly smokey aspect.
This aspect is a bit much, but the molasses and alcohol and a big bite that balances.
Taste: The must / rotten flavors dominate on the first sip.
Sourness was still there.
It is one of those things some people don't pick up on, but once you know the taint you will always detect it.
T: Lots of citrus hop flavoring, with some caramel, toffee and bread.
The hop flavoring definitely is the more predominant.
T: Taste is yeast, wheat, massive funk that basically fills out the middle.
So musty and musky, but mingled with a crazy almost caramel malt sweetness.
Hints of ...
A earthy, hay like quality in the finish.
T: There is a bit more malt sweetness than I generally prefer for an IPA, but the piney hops provide a really excellent bitterness to the beer.
The citrus notes are more subtle, but quite pleasant.
T- LOVE the flavor complexity of racer five.
Initial Pine/Grapefruit hops, much like the nose, but then it smooths out to a biscuit malt flavor with that wonderful apricot sweetness.
Ends with a bitterness/dryness that's just enough to make you want the next sip
Taste- Solid wheat notes, maybe more textural but definitely there...
backed by the smooth coriander and beautifully floral hop character.
The beer has terrific balance and runs its course so eloquently for this style.
emphasizing the spices and wheat character.
It's got the characteristic brown ale flavor with some caramel and a big dry hop punch.
I like brown ales, and I like hops, but the flavors seemed unintegrated to me.
I would have preferred they blend more.
A medium body with a sweet malty flavor.
There is a slight bitterness and a warm toasted toffee flavor that isn't too intense.
Malty, honey, caramel, citrus, fruit, spice, with a bit of alcohol.
Delicious and complex.
Nice, long finish.
The taste also starts off with a toasted malt note but is followed quickly by a kick of very grassy hops, which intensifies toward the finish with a burst of citrus peel (grapefruit?
) and a carbonic aftertaste
Flavor is exactly as described.
A full and complex Scotch ale with lots of caramel and toasted malt.
The maple works well with it, just an added extra bit of goodness.
Nice alcoholic warmth, but not overpowering.
T: Apple and wheat with banana and light clove.
The beer has a lower moderate sweetness with a lot of yeast-driven fruit notes.
The finish is dry, smooth, and lightly spicy with no evident alcohol.
Same with the taste, tasted a bit like old grass.
Taste & Mouth - There is a low amount of carbonation and I can taste malts, caramel and some hops.
There is also a bit of tangerine and grapefruit.
It ends with a malty sweet aftertaste with a medium amount of lingering hop bitterness.
T-- sweetness follows the nose and leaves a nice wash on the palette nicely balanced flavors
Has caramel sweetness and maybe some sugar cane with a little tartness from the hops.
t: you can taste the fruit at first then the hoppyness hits you
There is a lot more roast which is a nice change of pace.
There is also a bit of smokiness that comes from British roasted malts.
More bitterness as a result of the roasted malts, again a very slightly smoked flavor comes through which adds a nice layer to the taste.
The taste is interesting.
Syrupy sweet with a hint of malt and a lot of lemon/grass/pepper up front.
The flavors took me by surprise.
It's moderately tart and you can pick up the different yeasts.
It's very grassy and again features a lemon like tartness.
The viscosity makes this wheat a little harder to get through than most.
The taste is smooth and malty, the hoppy bitterness well in the background, also hints of spicyness.
Over the last few years it seems to be less flavourful, the general malty smooth taste can remain, but less depth of flavour and character, and sometimes a bit sour and appears to be 'off' In recent tastings of the beer, on more than one occasion we have had to take the beer back because it was obviously going off.
Flavor: first a sourness like lime, a berry note thoughout, theres grains and a slite bite in the end.
The taste has a big nut flavor upfront that becomes slightly hoppy.
The flavor moves into a spice on the back end.
T: See above with flourless chocolate cake, campfire ashes, burnt espresso, and chocolate covered cherries.
Huge notes of spicy hop bitterness.
Sweet middle with a silky smooth finish that leads into some minor solvent alcohol astringency.
Very little taste to speak of.
Slightly malty, but in general fairly bland.
The brown sugar that I found in the scent is also in the flavor.
This is a pleasantly sweet, roasty Brown Ale.
Bitterness is low.
Plenty of malty goodness in this beer.
Fizzy (maybe a little too much), with a round taste, but 'simple', without the complexity of the smell.
Maybe lightly tannic-wood.
The body is medium and round, with a good hop.
Much sweeter in the finish than you would expect from the aroma.
Nice complexity when you want a balance of sweet/sour.
Great complexity of flavors considering the alcohol content.
Af: malty, sweet, chocolate, coffee
The taste of nutmeg and cinnamon are way too up-front as far as I'm concerned.
Totally overwhelms any depth that might be had with this beer in a totally superficial sort of way.
I understand that it's supposed to be a beer brewed with spices, but they really ought to be integrated with the beer, not the only thing it tastes like.
It tastes a lot like Pumpkinhead Ale in this respect, actually, in that it's way too overwhelming and poor.
The flavor is grain, toffee and alcohol.
After the aroma I was expecting a little more from the aroma, but it is still not bad
Taste is mildly hopped, with a nice malt balance.
More tart than bitter.
Some fruit tones throughout.
Had a bit of a bad after taste,othe than that, not bad.
Flavor is also of chocolate and caramel maltiness.
Tastes as though grapefruit has been added.
Not getting much malt body through the bitterness of the hop.
There is something in there though rounding off the corners.
Very nice, if muted, taste.
The taste combines a nicely balanced citrus fruitiness and bitterness with bready yeast flavors
Toasted, slightly hoppy flavors up front.
Solid cookie dough malt follows.
Gets more vegetal, spicy, and caramelly.
Finish shows mild hop bitterness and lasting caramel cookie dough.
Not bad.
There is citrus, caramel, pine, and malt in the nose Taste is citrus, floral, caramel, pine but a lot of caramel.
This is mildly bitter in the finish.
T - Bready banana flavor up front along with cloves, and nutmeg.
Some raisins and caramel appear in the middle and are replaced by molasses and chocolate in the finish along with a lingering tobacco note.
In the taste, coffee, dry chocolate and a hit of hoppy bitterness.
A small bite and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a dry roasty coffee in the aftertaste.
A nice coffee and chocolate taste, nice hop presence, really freakin' good.
T - Pumpkin, cloves & nutmeg are the predominant flavours.
Some cinnamon is here as well but not as pronounced as it is in many pumpkin ales.
I don't specifically taste the star anise but I am not sure I would know that taste if I found it anyway.
A nice peppery taste is present in the finish
Not overly spiced like many pumpkin beers tend to be.
This was was very well balanced (pumpkin and spiced).
T-Dry spice,orange peel,clove and toffee/malt nuttiness.Sweet citrus from the hops,deliberate spice and caramel.
Taste is sweet and big on the milk chocolate....at first it seems almost a little too sweet but it finishes very clean...drinks like a lager...might be a bit much for some people but I think they did a nice job with this.
I am amazed there is no 'real' chocolate added.
It tastes and smells like there is..also some wheat malt in this...
T: Sweet malts and hops throughout.
I'm pleased with the balancing flavors of this beer.
The good parts of a pale ale and a lager combined.
T: malty, with some of the citrus noted in the aroma.
pretty much what I was expecting given the style, though not overly exciting.
The malt is present in the tatse along with a pleasant light hops finish.
Taste ?? The malts are huge at the taste, and the alcohol lightens up a bit making this a nicely balanced brew.
The citrus hops are large and in charge.
This is a flavor explosion.
It's interesting, because the hops are huge but it's not brutally bitter.
This beer, according to McCashin's, is a 'late hopped pale ale.' In practical terms--at least to my nose/tongue--that results in a very raw hoppiness.
They use a combination of five different hops--all grown in Nelson, NZ--and they're not added until the end of the boil, which leaves a hoppy freshness right at the front of this beer.
It's almost as if the hops are not IN this beer but ON it.
The taste actually reminds me a little of old ruffian.
Less aggresive on the hops though with a sweeter malt bill.
There's a bit of spiciness and a good dose of peat
Lemon grass, ginger, smaller wintergreen.
Banana and clove via the yeast.
This is a nice, complex, controlled beer of this style.
Moderate Belgian biscuity malt, a little like its been sitting out in humidity.
More cool lemon peel
There is nothing special other than the flavors in the mouth and it's thin
T/M - spot on to the nose.
citrus and grassy hops.
nice sweetness.
caramel, roasted malts.
Although it is a very light wheat beer, the flavor was spot-on for a Hefeweizen.
Slight bitterness but consistent throughout from start to finish.
The taste is mildly bitter coffee, chocolate, butterscotch, vanilla, and a slight resinous herbal character.
Taste is exactly what you would expect from the nose, no surprises here.
Roasted malts dominate, coffee and chocolate come into play, but don't compete with the roasted malts dominance.
There is a slight spicey character that was not noticed in the nose, but now that I taste it I can definitely see it being in the nose as well.
7.3% ABV is nowhere to be found.
The taste is crisp with a lemon flavor along with sweet malt,floral,bread yeast, and honey.
taste: this one comes together well.
More like pumpkin pie.
First swigs: Well balanced easy smooth hops and malt.
A solid mix that says Am IPA all the way.
Some smooth orange citus and almost rye malt.
Fast fasing finish.
A touch of peach too.
Some tackiness.
Last swigs: Orange lolipop!
Taste - very smooth and sweet.
calming enough to have a few more.
light hoppes and a sour skunky flavor
extremely one dimensional light malts slightly bitter hop finish
T - very similar to aroma; sweet throughout with a pronounced malt bill that tastes similar to rye to me; some maple and hazelnut; does not dry out much at end
Taste and Mouthfeel:Tasted of coffee, burned sugar and a hint of bitter sweet chocolate which resides with the sweet caramel malt presence.
Left a dry, earthy hop bitterness in the finish.
T - Decently bitter lager, no more no less.
Taste is light malty with a nice yeast profile of exotic fruits and a little solvent and higher alohols.
Again this strange taste comes up and develops from dirty socks into overcooked vegetables.
Especially when swallowed this taste is at the end of my tongue.
Taste: Slick malt taste is the main component, but the hops still bite -- bitter hops are there to keep the taste in check, and to leave you wanting more
Feel: This one was super balanced, as the malt really made this one smooth on the tongue.
The flavor was of sweet malt, maple syrup, caramel, wood, and subtle tart.
The taste begins with a lot of the same; toasted and bready malty grains, caramels, toffee sweetness.
As it warms there is some light earthy, almost metallic bitterness, which is rather unpleasant to be honest.
The finish is pleasantly dry with some detection of mineral water flavors which adds a nice dryness.
Some lemon peel and cracked pepper with a hint of orange sweetness.
Barely any alcohol with some soft brett funk and yeast
Splash of floral hops up front with peppery spice.
Some herbal notes followed by citrus juiciness and lemon peel.
A little sweet in the middle from the fruit.
Hints of bretty funk and Belgian yeast, but not quite tart.
Finishes a little spicy
Even then the hops aren't that big, though flowery hops dominate the taste.
There's a light bready flavor in the background and behind the more citrusy hops in the aroma.
The taste is nice smooth, crisp and carbonated.
You hardly notice the alcohol, but it warms the body.
Taste: Nice balanced taste little warming in the head, some nice peach/apricot type flavor even a little bubblegum flavor.
Imported chocolate and rolled oats creates a beyond wonderful flavor.
An earthy flavor of oats and hops that gives way to a rich chocolate truffle-ish finish.
The flavor changes with the temperature to develop from more chocolate to more malts.
Lightly bitter caramel and roasted malt taste.
Chocolate, cherries and wine lurk in the background.
Light floral taste on the back of the tongue.
Good hoppy flavour, with a delightful splash of citrus and pine, and a lasting bitterness.
This is balanced quite well by a brown sugar sweetness and a touch of sherry.
t - sweet ripe fruits, caramel malts, sweet alcohol bite, seems very delicate yet full of flavor.
Slight bitterness that dissipates into a clean yet mildly dry finish
t: the alcohol really overpowered the beer, specifically the after taste; had a good taste for a barley wine, but not as smooth as others
The taste brings in more of the same, along with some extra caramel and toffee, some red grapes, and a subtle leek character lurking devilishly in the background.
T - Toasted barley taste with smooth transition to light hop finish
At first taste, I really like the beer.
It has a bread-like flavor to it but still stays hoppy.
I'm not sure what type of hops are used but its not the typical cascade, simcoe, centennial combo.
Maybe its the 'organic' hops?
Flavours include more of a roasty character but still show a lot of dark chocolate.
These two flavours linger on well past the soft bitterness.
T- nice clean malty sweetness at first then a nice citrusy hoppy bitterness that was mch more pronounced in taste as opposed to the smell
On the palate, light bodied, with cereal, corn and bread.
T: Very smooth and full flavored, very sweet with a warming alcohol finish.
The first dinks were fruity with hints of honey, after I had a chance to warm a bit; it gave way to a sweeter honey flavor
The taste is absolutely unbelievable.
Rich chocolate cake with a warm swirl of alcohol, topped with a taste of cascade hops to add to the bittersweet cocoa finish.
The taste is a complex one with a carbonated malty sweetness with hints of raisins and currants.
There is a nice bitter finish that is not strong enough to overshadow the sweetness but balances the taste nicely.
Taste: Sweet fruity esters and a touch of fusel alcohol.
Typical Belgian flavors, but more robust than, say, Leffe.
Taste - To steal a line from Old School 'Once it hits your Lips, it's so good'.
Seriously though, very strong hop taste, but not entirely bitter.
Earthy and Citrus notes as well.
Yeasty, as prevalent by the yeast you can see in your glass.
Slight lemon and very insignificant hints of zestier orange.
Taste is sweet with caramel malts and a slightly bitterness in the end.
Nice grainy sweet malt upfront followed by the caramel and fruit.
Great balance with an earthy, slightly spicy hop bitterness.
I thought the Malt body light with a nice hop finish a nice and bitterness.
T: Not that I regularly partake in cold medicine, but this stuff reminded me of Nyquil and it only got worse as time passed (yes, it took a while to finish it off).
Medicinal taste with a sour/bitter finish.
The taste is reminiscent of the smell with tart apples and an almost wine like quality.
The prominent yeast flavor is complex and overall the alcohol is hidden rather well.
The taste has an assertive green citric bite, balanced across the back by sweet notes of chocolate and caramel malts.
Dark roasted coffee character is mostly confined to the finish, where it hangs with some leftover bitter fruit.
That 7% feels about right on target here, giving the body some oomph but still keeping any alcohol warmth at a distance
T: The milk shows up strong, adding a sweeter dimension to the already oatmeal raisin chocolate cookie-like flavors.
Some slight herbal hop along the way.
Smoke also lingers on the finish.
T: Surprisingly, the malt flavor plays second-fiddle to the sweetness of this beer.
While the introduction gives off a decent maltiness, the assault comes in the middle with a sweet, mildly hopped bitter and alcohol taste that pushes toward the finish.
Aftertaste is of the initial malt and the sugar-like sweetness.
Malty, slightly sweet taste with a crisp, dry mouthfeel.
Couldnt detect much in the hops department.
The taste is very yeast forward as to be expected.
A lemony kinda of quality on the front but the malt quickly comes in and calms the notes from the yeast.
I must say though I wish there was a little more flavor from the malt to balance a bit more.
Dark fruits, black cherries
Dark malts, very boozy.
Woody, molasses, faint smokiness.
Some spices, cinnamon?
Again with the alcohol.
Booze takes the cake on this one for me.
First sip is burnt charred oak chips, with molasses and dense caramel.
More alcohol on warming, and some brown sugar sweetness.
Very nice.
T: Off the charts!
I get some bready flavors along with a little tartness from what I believe to be lemons.
A nice, clean, hoppy taste at the end.
The taste is very nice though, sweet/malty, slightly roasty, and some nice caramel thrown in.
T: Pale malt flavors come first, with the hops right on its heels, making for a marginally bitter middle and finish.
Lots of grain throughout, with the hops taking on a kind of grassy character.
This is especially noticed at the very end
T- Roasted coffee beans, smokey, sweet chocolate, earthy, milky, caramel malts
The flavor is quite good featuring a nice blend of roasted malt, milky chocolate and hints of dark fruit such as cherry or plum.
As it warms the roasted aspects become more dominant
Very tasty treat with a great mouthfeel from the wood adds a wonderful tannic quality.
Much more neutral wood in the mouth.
Still a great oaky wood induced quality but much more vanilla shows through, a bit toasty, with great cereal malts and grains.
Burstng with toffee, caramel, and coconut.
Some other tropical falvors not necesarrily fruit?
T - Caramel malt and dark fruits take center stage with a bit of spice rounding it out.
More flavors pronounce themselves as it warms up a bit.
Slight hop bitterness in the finish
Taste - Some light lemon and spicy apple fruitiness, decent wheatiness, floral, barely any malts, light creamy vanilla sweetness, faint coriander...
T: Nice and smooth malty caramel flavor.
Very good flavor.
Pretty much what you smell is what you get, plenty of white grape, maybe a touch of a crab apple jelly sweetness and an overall wine-like impression.
Slightly dryish finish, not a lot of honey-influence as I was expecting.
Malt flavors of bread and caramel again remind me of an Old Guardian, that is until the hops hit.
They have no doubt faded a great deal, but there is still an earthy hop character, grassy and citric.
Oh, and lots and lots of bitterness
Taste is toasty caramel malt, fresh dark bread, toffee, a bit of apple and citrus.
A touch of floral hops kicks in at the finish
Taste begins with initially harsh fermentation by-products, fades into a subtle metallic note, some tolerable alcohols, then gives way to the main attraction...lots of sticky malts with caramelized sugars, raisin and date characters, and ending in a smooth, well-balanced lingering sweetness.
Tastes just like it smells.
A little tang at the end, but nothing disrupting.
T: Crisp, slightly bitter, but overall very mild.
T: It began with sweet caramel malt flavors and creamy yeasty flavors.
That was followed by minor citrusy flavors including lemons and oranges.
It hid the alcohol well and was a bit thin on many flavors.
Toasted malt flavors.
Somewhat sweet.
Slighly bitter in the finish.
The roasted coffee flavors are the first things that I could taste along with hints of chocolate.
However, I can tell there's more complexity here than my palette can decipher.
The coffee flavors bring bitterness but it's not over powering as the sweetness of the malt cuts the bitterness quite nicely
Taste is more of a barleywine at this point than a DIPA, but I'm really digging it.
It's not quite balanced considering how huge the malt backbone is compared to the subdued hops, but the flavor is excellent with pronounced caramel, melon, and orange.
The flavor does not match the aroma at all; this is much better than I expected judging by the smell.
The Belgian yeast is apparent and there are slight tones of alcohol and dark fruit.
The flavor begins with a slightly sweet manner.
After making it's debut and receding into a bitter hint of a melodious compound of hops and malt-- I can't taste the oats, or the wheat or the barley, but their combination builds a wonderful flavor like a suspense novel that prods the reader to turning the pages.-In this case the beer's flavor prods me to taking sip after sip after..
The finish lingers with a boisterous note of citrus once again- the flavor and character of the beer stayed put upon my palate
Taste: Clean coffee, cream, chocolate, woody, earthy, coffee bitterness.
Flavor is similar with an initial spicy kick.
A bit boozy and leaves a strong warmth in your throat.
I was greeted initially with a vinegar taste.
As the sips went by the flavor evened out, but my over all impression is that I'm sitting here with a slightly over average beer.
No vinegar taste, I taste good ol' roasty malt met with just the right balance of hop bitterness and the bitterness you get from charred grain.
The taste included a rich malt, hints of coffee and earth.
T- hops come first followed by large pine notes and small hints of the malt which are then cancelled out by the nice bitter finish.
wait to take my next sip
Taste was a dry bitterness, coffee, dark chocolate, ridiculously long finish, fantastic.
T: Carob, dark fruittyness, a touch of iron, oaky dryness, leafy hops & booze up front.
Dryness, a somewhat annoying chocolate covered cherry taste as this warms, along with faint figgyness & more leafy hops as this warms, along with a faint hint of juicy fruit.
Finishes dry with more carob & weird juicy fruit taste, verging on the edge of drain pour, maybe I should've had this cold
T - Hoppy upfront, some malty backbone, sweet brown sugar and gingerbread
However, this definitely does not translate to great taste.
I thought this beer tastes like it has WAY too much going on.
I can't get a handle on what flavors are supposed to come through and they all end up mixing together in a pretty unmanagable combination for me
Flavors are heavy on banana, clove, cardamom, with a surprising representation of malt and hops.
The roasted malt character is greater in the Porter, but other than that, it's the same beer -- taste-wise.
Modesty chocolate / coffee notes pepper the beer slightly, but not enough to make a meaningful impact.
T - sweet toffee/caramel upfront with dark fruit bitterness coming through near the finish.
The taste is a rush of flavor w/ hops up front.
This beer is not bitter at all and is extremely refreshing.
I can taste roasted malts, coffee, caramel and fig with a slight alcohol taste.
Smooth, yet the flavors linger on the tastebuds
The taste is similar, but more complex.
Caramel, toffee, and some nuttiness is joined by piney hops.
Cherry notes also make a quick appearance before they give way to vanilla in the finish.
T: It seems that my fears have been realized.
The hops have settled down significantly, casting a muted flavor in the mouth.
The barrel aging has imparted a sweeter flavor to the IPA, adding some vanilla bean flavors and a sweet white grape flavor.
Graininess overtakes the last half of the sip and, in conjunction with the chardonnay profile, creates a sweet mouthfeel that could pass for a Belgian IPA.
M: The mouthfeel starts off promising, hits some Belgian IPA notes midway through but never really hits the hoppy notes that I was hoping to see.
Wheat, dried apricots, caramel, and a dry finish.
Some lingering banana, too.
The hops provide a late, but pronounced character.
Pretty tasty.
Tastes mildly sweet and a bit tart.
Prominent banana and spice taste.
Many different levels of taste to this, has some malt and vanilla flavors too.
Hops shows up for the party too.
This is one of the quality beers with many complex flavors and every sip is different.
It is closer to a 4.75 in taste.
Pallet starts off with some wheat tartness and husky zest.
As the brew warms, it shows itself to closely resemble a double white, with triple-like character.
Well integrated citrus, clove, and lemon zest, work well with a bannana accent.
Nicely malty and slightly hoppy.
A mild yet full flavored ale.
Rich, smooth taste.
It tastes a little bit sweet and quite bitter.
The juniper is really prominent and it's backed by resiny pine and ashy roast.
This has a lot of flavor.
This setting works really well for the juniper.
The aftertaste is drier and has more dark roast.
The taste of this brew was disappointing.
An initial hoppy bitterness is familiar and appropriate for an IPA, but the dry finish is too sharp and astringent, with some lingering smokey and ash-like earthy notes that seem harsh and out of place
Taste-wise, it's something like a watered down Czech Pilsner.
The taste is also nicet, with a banana flavor stepping forward as it warms.
Unfortunately, the taste score was affected by the fact the hops are too prevalent, especially for the style.
Flavors had a lot of malt and some orange citrus flavors.
Crisp and bitter to the taste.
some other rather fruity and nutty notes that I can't quite detect exactly what they are.
T: Bitterness, malt, hops, metallic tone.
Hint of honey in the aftertaste.
Taste: A bit watery but all and all dominated by the spicy hops.
taste - i had initially hoped for 75% IPA, 25% belgian, i got the reverse and was still quite pleased.
front end is very tripel-esque, but the back-end hops continue to creep in and keep the palate off balance
Taste: Cloyingly sweet nose with overpowering vegetable taste.
A hint of hop bitterness follows but fails to salvage the beer.
No real finish, and a horrible lingering aftertaste of sweet vegetable flavors.
As the beer warms, a little bit more bitterness helps balance the sweetness, but again, it's not enough.
Taste ?? again not a big sensory experience here but I'd rather err on the side of mellow than overpowering when it comes to peppers based on my conservative taste in the category; a bit smokey and a bit chipotle; malty; pleasant light touch of chipotle and smoke remain in the aftertaste with chipotle and a bit of raw green vegetable winning out for the long haul
T - Very similar to the nose, fairly typical DFH IPA flavors of pungent hops and sweet caramel malt, but with a nice amount of apricot flavoring that really comes out in the finish.
Let's be honest, this is more or less 60 Minute with some apricots added, but it's a darn tasty Spring brew.
Taste is malty and a bit buttery and bitter.
Hay and a bit of fruitiness also are in there.
Taste is a bit bland.
There's some light bittering, a mild citrus note, and pretty standard malt.
I'm not picking up any of the spicy or noble hops that should be present in a pilsener.
To confuse matters more, the bottle's label claims this is an ale.
The taste is a nice roasted malt base with definite taste from the spruce.
it is an odd ingredient to have but I really enjoyed it and would like to try it again.
The flavor is super sour, like a fresh lemonade, which is great in lemonade but no so great in a beer.
The flavor is cidery, leomony and sour and not pleasant.
There is no hop bitterness on the finish.
Some earthiness, citrusy grapefruit skin, pine, grassy with a doughy, yeasty sweetness and a bit of pineapple.
Solid, drying bitterness, some tannins, fruity apple with muted hop notes (pine and citrus).
Some caramel sweetness.
Quick finish with some lingering bitterness.
The flavor was well balanced.
Yeast, malt and peaches were the dominant flavors, with a tinge of bitterness and citrus zest.
The malt and a slight tingling sensation lasts on the tongue for a bit after swallowing.
Flavor: Low malt flavor, mild hops, a little earthy, nice hint of sourness on the foretaste
Crisp and bitter at the start, with alcohol gaining strength by the end.
Some fruity notes peek through as the carbonation abates.
Taste was absolutely wonderful.
The vibrant cherry flavor was accented with a complex malt flavor and very subtle hops that were almost unnoticeable, but they did their job.
It is very hard to tell that this is 9.8% alcohol.
Taste is a bit weak.
Not a whole lot of flavors there.
Basically coffee flavors from start to finish.
Not complex by any means.
Flavor starts off really sweet, then finishes with hoppy notes and a bit of a wine-like quality.
Definitely not as hoppy as I was expecting, but that's OK here; the flavors work together pretty well.
The beer has a pleasant flavor with a mild sourness and a clove-like yeastiness that marks it as a Belgian.
Or in this case, a Belgian-style ale
The spicy fruitiness lasts the longest, but isn't as supported as it could be due to the light body.
For that reason, Rare Vos is more subtle than many of its style brethren.
It fades from modestly sweet early to modestly dry late and leaves the palate clean.
T: The flavor is similarly impressive.
Lots of sweet, rich vanilla, bourbon, and oak accompanied by toffee, caramel, brown sugar, and maple syrup.
The finish is all that prevents this from a perfect score as there is a bit of alcohol and heat, but there are some nice hints of chocolate.
T: Roasty, coffee, chocolate, oak, alcohol warming.
The taste starts out sweetened prunes and coffee with the aftertaste of clove.
Strong coffee flavors here as if this was 50% stout.
Strong bitterness for the style, more than a little hop.
TASTE roasted barley and malty sweetness are prominent and well balanced.
Hints of chocolate and coffee, very mild bitterness, and some booze.
Very nice flavors, big citrusy hop characters that are nicely balanced out by sweet malt.
The beer was crazy sweet with caramel and figs coming through to me.
T: Oak definitely comes through and then the hops.
I love it.
An interesting beer, but damn good.
Sweet malty taste accented by a nicely balanced hop flavor.
Finishes with a crisp sweetness that is unmistakably honey.
Taste - definately coffee, not sure if it's cappuccino or not, dark chocolate, roasted malts.
Alcohol hidden pretty well.
overwhelming chewy raisin flavor, if concentrate really hard, capped with a scotch ale smokiness
T- Definitely hop forward.
Starts with pine/resin hop flavor with notes of tropical fruit.
Slight caramel malt.
A bit of a strange finish.
Slightly medicinal.
Not terrible but just a bit disjointed.
T - To me, this is a great tasting IPA.
Sweet malts, followed by a very nice pine and citrus hop fusion that finishes with just the right amount of bitterness
T - Sharp corn/grainy notes throughout it's entirety.
Watery, and has no hops characters or esters to be found.
Very simple (not surprisingly)
Creamy flavor with a small amount of sweetness.
This is quickly lost in a hop bomb rush.
This continues through the swallow and long into the aftertaste.
Flavor shadows the aroma.
Alot of smoke upfront among with some malts and coffee.
Very clean flavor, it is almost gone from your tongue as soon as you finish swallowing!
The taste is semi-sweet, with the berry flavor consistent throughout.
Nearly no bitterness.
A touch of metal in the lagery, sweetish front.
Corn syrup middle leads to a bitter, dry finish.
Lots of sweet booziness from the start,vinious,dark fruityness with plum notes.
The fruittyness was remisent of dried fruit.Lots of spicyness lots of clove.Also nutty and earthy.
Finished clean,spicy and very sugary.
The taste is lower in the barley flavor than the nose indicates.
A tanginess followed by a bitter and oily mouth coating of hops finishes of the flavors.
Hop oils hang out after each sip.
T - Starts off with a building sweet carmel malt flavor with a bit of sweet elements (brown sugar and maple).
In the middle the brown sugar flavor and molasses jump out a bit and there is some nuttiness that join the carmel malts.
The finish has a bit deeper malt flavor with some nut flavor once again, which linger nicely.
T: Taste starts with the roasted malt flavoring, somewhat bready.
Earthy hops come through in the middle.
Finish is somewhat of sweetmalts and a hint of piney hops
Taste is very interesting; big time apricot sweetness then BOOM!
, a crash of hops of refined design.
The hops are so clean and crisp you can almost feel your tongue crackle.
Aftertaste is of light fruit and bitter hops, but finishes without approaching the disastrous realm of metallic hop-aftertaste.
The flavor is as the nose suggests, with a good amount of smokiness, but not soo much that it's overdone.
It works well to complement the maltiness, and lends an overall depth to the beer that would otherwise not be possible as it enhances the complexity of the malt.
Some floral and spicy hops make an appearance at the swallow, and it finishes dry.
Surprisingly, the smokiness doesn't build on the palate in a negative way.
It lingers, but very nicely.
Comes across with a nice woody burnt flavor that has a counterpunch of bitter hops.
Bitterness is on the high end of the scale for a stout and it works well.
charred taste lingers a bit and gives it a dry finish.
Some chalkiness but nothing to hold back a fine brew
T: Oaky, chocolatey and bourbon are the main flavors.
A bit of roasted malt, vanilla and molasses too.
A touch of hops can be found near the finish.
Bourbon flavor shows itself more in the finish.
A bit rough around the edges, but still good.
T: Grapefruit mostly with a bit of mintyness/menthol, some sweetness from the malt shines through as well.
Lingering grapefruit aftertaste
T&M The cherries blended very well with the wheat malt making it lightly tart yet very refreshing.
Taste: Initially have a nice sweet flavor, followed up with a mildly bitter aftertaste.
Corriander comes to the top, something familiar but yet not able to nail it down.
It feels like an old friend.
Lots of apple accompanies the expected banana flavors, fresh but there's a lack of the spiciness of some.
Finishes slightly lemony with the requisite loads of aftertaste.
The taste does not dissappoint.
Sour apple, tartness, and a subtle oak flovor overwhelm the palate
Taste/Mouthfeel-more malty than hoppy but still fairly light, somewhat sweet but fairly balanced, alcohol is well hidden once again.
The taste is big bitter hop flavor with a good sized alcohol flavor.
There is some fruit flavor there that is a little piney flavor mixed in.
It is hard to draw on much since there is such a large bitterness there is also some sweet malt flavor that comes out when your able to get past the hops and alcohol.
The feel of this beer is big all around.
The force of this beer as it mahandles your pallet is something else.
T: A tart punch hits right away, after the sour fades, there is a slight touch of some funkiness, the finish has a very nice floral note with hints of lemon.
Very nice
Kinda bland tasting.
Sweet, chewy malt, odd aftertaste.
It wasn't bitter, it was sour(
Sour is the best word I could use to describe, and that isn't very close.
T/M: Sweet caramel malt notes.
Biscuity malt profile takes over followed by a twang of grassy hops.
Bitterness is subtle, but still very noticeable.
Hopped to death.
Can be overwhelming.
The taste blends the sweetness with a dash of hopped bitterness well.
On the palate, the beer has a nice mouthfeel, definite hope bitterness, long finish with a slight hop astringency.
The taste brings back those roasted malts, starting off light and becoming increasingly roasted as the taste floods across the tongue.
There's a healthy amount of wheatiness in their as well, not unlike a dunkelweizen with less yeastiness.
A slight woddy/nutty quality is also present, but very subdued.
Flavor is like that of the bastard child of an APA and an ESB.
A slight sourness to the aroma and flavor.
There was straw, grass, and floral notes to this beer but I couldn't wonder how much of the taste had to do with the green bottle.
Sure enough, this tasted skunked as soon as I took a sip and because this hadn't been on the shelf that long, I think that spoke more about the beer than the presentation of it.
Further tasting of this led me to wonder what style it was, since it reminded me of an Adjunct Lager in every aspect.
The filler seemed less than up to standards and the aftertaste was sour enough to beg for a chaser - any type that would alleviate the lingering and uneasy bitterness
I have no idea how something this bad could be so strong in the alcohol department.
It is very bready with not much sign of hops.
It is quite sweet with a subtle fruitiness, the grains are sweet as well.
Not much in the way of hops, just a minuscule amount of bitterness.
T: like biting into a lemon...that's full of stomach acid.
Waves of funk and sourness, first on the tongue, then the rest of your palate and throat catches up and you get a second shock on the swallow and aftertaste.
My initial unconscious reaction is to spit it out, like my mouth is saying 'you shouldn't be drinking this!
 By the time I'm able to right myself and convince my throat to swallow I'm already regretting it.
But like vegetables, anchovies and many other things I've grown--and learned--to like (or even love), I can already feel this one growing on me.
Still, it is like what I imagine the acid blood of the Alien alien would taste like before it melted you face off.
Taste is of coffee, toasted nuts, cocoa, caramel, baked bread, and a touch of figs.
Taste begins with the hops.
Definately herbal.
A light, but solid malt base keeps things in check,  leaning slightly in the carmel direction.
Hops reappearing to mop up at the finish.
leaving some tea-like notes and some lemon twang.
Of course, raspberry flavor, but also nice and tart.
A little funky yeast blends in as well.
Very sweet.
T - Caramel and toffee along with very slight nuttiness are the main flavors.
There is some buttery taste as well.
Slight apple and honey.
The normal British flavors of caramel/toffee/bready but a little lackluster and watery.
Flavor is sweet up front with a tart fruity middle, you can taste the cherries, and finishes with a dry mildly roasted flavor that is rather nice.
T: Sweet citrus flavors dominate the initial sip followed by a significant hop presence in the middle to finish.
Some slightly unappealing bitter aftertaste in the finish.
This is very much like Trois Pistoles but a bit more refined, a bit sweeter, a thicker texture and more focused flavor.
It has the dark sweet flavor of prunes and raisins but the flavor doesn't explode the way Trois Pistoles does.
Malty flavour and not all that hop-oriented.
The hopping is smooth and mild, but the bitterness does gradually build, although it reminded me more of an english bitter instead of an American IPA.
The malts come out as fruity with some honey.
Super dark roasted malt.
Taste was better then I thought it would be.
Taste - decent malts to start.
A little sourish tasting but a bit of toast too.
A mild brown sugar taste that comes across kind of funky.
After a few sips, the malty side begins to dominate.
The swallow has a nice abv warmth in the throat.
T - burnt malts dominate...nothing else was really going on with it.
Not bad, but not good.
the taste was sweet.
a bit too sweet for my taste but good nevertheless.
T - Nice toastly malt, a little smoke, coffee, light cocoa.
T: Fell a little flat compared to the nose.
Not has hopcentric as I was expecting.
The hops are still there, but it is a whole lot weaker.
Just average imo
T: Initial flavor impression is a crisp, medium bitter bite, followed by a mild wheat malt backbone.
Some citrus, light herbs and hops, but overall just simple and refreshing
Excellent balance between the moderated sweet malt and bitter flavor.
Berries sweet and lingering finish.
T - Impressive flavours in this.
Wheaty twang, spiciness, yeast, citrus flavours meld well
Taste- The hop bitterness is really great on this one and lasts throughout the drink.
There is some sweeter biscuit malt accompanied with citrus and grassy hop flavors.
It is a refreshing IPA.
taste is fully flavored, juicy, zesty, spicy, brisk, bristling, brilliant...with a certain sugary kick...a little candy-ish, treacly, sticky-sweet...but I can't help but like it..medium-bodied, a trifle thin, actually,..but still good....a very nice tripel, if un-trancesdental.
Awully tasty, zesty, sweet...and a little bit strong, ...this lands in the good category, and that's very fine.
T - Obviously it tasted like coffee
Taste: Has a strong vinous taste.
Starts bitter and vinous and finishes sweet and spicy.
Has a noticeable alcohol flavor as well.
Taste- Nice flavor balance between the hops and the malt.
More grapefruit flavor than pine.
Not to bitter.
This is one of their more balanced beers in my opinion, and it shows, the malt and hops blend well together, neither overshadowing the other.
There's some roasted flavor present in the malt as well.
It leaves a smooth smokey aftertaste that is pleasurable.
It's definitely treading towards an IPA with the citrus and pine profile, though the bitter hops are SLIGHTLY more subdued in this one compared many of the PacNW IPA's, softened by a tangerine-like sweetness.
This is a great summer drinking option, light going down, with substantial carbonation.
Taste is about the same of the aroma with a nice hop addition.
wow, that taste is all about that weird wine flavour.
sweet, lingering aftertaste of double-bubble bubblegum.
wow, that upfront wacky flavour is really right there.
it reminds me of the weird flavour in three floyds gumballhead
T: Huge roasted malts, but matched with a fudge-chocolate sweetness.
Strong coffee presence, as the nose would lead on, then comes the delicious woody notes; hints of vanilla.
The bourbon is very much in the background, but the rest of the flavors are excellent.
This is essentially a soft tasting ale.
It has a dry taste with a bit of a dark fruit aftertaste.
It's also quite malty.
With the taste, its even more coffee, and while its my dream come true, so delicious, what with its nice chocolate and burnt malt tones again, but I almost say it overtakes any stoutiness, and takes away from the beeriness of this beer.
Which isn't to say it isn't delicious, because it is, just seems a bit unbalanced.
Oh well!
The only thing close has been a stout that I brew with a pound of honey and lager yeast.
On the palate malt and hops take a back seat to spices.
Nutmeg forcefully controls this beer.
No balance, just the baking spices that have unfortunately come to define too many Winter offerings.
Very granny-smith like taste,orange bitterness,co
riander comes though,very tart,more biting
T - Starts with some pineapple along with some other citrus fruits.
A very slight pine bitterness is noticeable for a brief second before some bready malts take over.
Excellent tasting DIPA that is very easy to drink.
T- Very sweet floral taste, come citrus and herbal notes.
Finishes with a strong bitterness (a non-nondescript bitterness).
Kind of faint in flavor.
T: Follows the nose, pretty much: tropical fruit (pineapple), citrus (grapefruit peel and lemon) and apricot.
Reminds me at first blush of Sculpin, but there's a bit of spice at the finish, and some heat on the way down (not terribly surprising given the 7.85% ABV), that distinguishes this one from Sculpin.
Finishes with lingering spice, pine resin and tropical fruit
Taste: Bready malt, yeast again, and a citric orange mild bitter finish.
The finish starts to take on some more herbal and spicy notes as the beer warms up but the citric orange still dominates
taste is again good, but not what you expect in a bottle labeled doppelbock.
a nice sweet maltiness up front, but with a strong piney and earthy hop presence.
a little breadiness and green apple in the middle, a bit of alcohol tingle and a dry finish.
It tasted like copper hops and burnt barley, with some bready yeast and lemon and a bit of dark chocolate.
Unremarkable taste.
Light on the hoppiness, doesn't bring much to the palate.
Pretty one dimensional, but that's pretty expected for an extra pale ale.
Dried fruits and spices...Big fruity hops are abundant.
Earthy and grainy, the barley malts add a depth that surround the huge amount of hops beautifully.
Pine nuts and a tangy finish.
This beer is really good.
It really has the depth and hops of a double IPA.
Flavor's very similar along with pretzels and with bitterness coming out at the end.
Flavor mimics the aromas with a yeasty, herbal taste with highlights of citrus, pears, and caramel.
Mouthfeel is full bodied, sweet, yeasty, slightly chewy with a lovely finish that makes you crave more.
Thank God, unlike Stone Soup, I'm not getting any strong lingering after taste - that's totally not my thing.
To be honest, the flavor isn't very full, so I'm having a difficult time rating it.
Taste starts light and sweet, bit of honey with lots of spicy pepper, clove, some fruit notes, orange and lemon, maybe a touch of apple.
Very spicy aftertaste, just a touch of sourness, slight tartness.
The hops come out in the taste, but they're not overwhelming.
Balanced nicely with a mellow tea-ish flavor.
The taste is very citric (too much), and a little hint of banana.
There is a bitter orange-like bitterness.
In the aftertaste mre lemony and citric again.
Taste is strong and full bodied with the same flavors.
This beer is not dominated by the hops; there is an enormous malt presence here