Clear, burnished copper-brown topped by a large beige head that displays impressive persistance and leaves a small to moderate amount of lace in sheets when it eventually departs
Standard pour to this with an off-gold hue and lots of cloudiness to it.
The head reminded me of soda based on the sound and how long it lasted - lots of fizzle with little substance.
There wasn't any lacing to be seen and for the most part, that was the taste too.
Very dark beer.
Pours a nice finger and a half of creamy foam and stays throughout the beer.
Produces a small coffee head that reduces quickly.
Black as night.
Pours a coppery/burnt orange color with a big head that lasts quite some time.
Appearance : this pours a deep bronze amber in color.
This beer has some of the best head formation and retention that I have ever seen along with lots and lots of sticky lacing
Murky yellow appearance with a very thin white head.
A - A very hazy dark amber w/ 2.5 fingers of rocky light tan head, thick lace collects on the glass like webbing
Pours a nice golden color with very little head and almost no lacing.
Poured chilled (50 degree F) into a pint glass, it pours the color of honey with a cloudy, honey-like body.
About 1 finger thick of eggshell colored head sits atop the body but then dissipates to a surface layer with just a bit of lacing around the edge of the glass.
Appearance: Why is it characterized as 'jet' black?
Like, this stuff is black, but how does that equate to a jet
Clear copper colored brew, medium cream colored head.
Pours a dark brown, almost black color.
There is minimal head that goes away almost immediately with only a little lacing.
A - Pours orange-bronze, with a 2 fingered head that dissipates slow.
Nice lacing left in the glass.
This one came off the tap a golden color with hints of amber in there as well with a good coat of head over top.
A: a nice ruby color with a 2 finger off white head.
with lacing
Served on tap in a pint glass, this is an absolutely clear golden straw color with big fomay white head with decent retention and tons of carbonation bubbles.
Pours a light brown color, minimal head, good lacing.
This was light copper in color and had a huge golden foam.
It lasted quite awhile.
The foam left HUGE...big hunks of lacing all down the glass.
It was quite clear..no yeast in bottle.
1 1/2 finger head with excellent retention.
Nice amber color.
Retention sticks around for almost the entire experience.
Very dark and opaque with a nice light tan head, incredibly foamy and beautiful to look at.
Lacing is present, but not very consistent.
A- This beer has a hazy lemon yellow body with a snow white head that fades after a bit.
The body is a bit too dense to see much carbonation
A - Faintly cloudy pink in color with a dense white head.
Frilly lace drapes across the glass delicately.
Orangy body with a smallish white head.
Pale golden with 1 finger pure white head; head has moderate retention; medium-high carbonation visible.
Appearance - Darkish deep amber orange color that is very cloudy.
Pours about an inch of off white head when poured violently.
Head quickly dissipates into a thin film that leaves hardly any lacing.
Not too unexpected with the style and gravity.
A- Pours black with mahogany edges.
Nice small cap of coffee colored dense and creamy head that settles to a faint ring and some small islands of fizz.
A: Rich golden amber hue, finger of so of head that dissipated somewhat quickly
Bottle reads 'Ale brewed with chamomile flowers' - I don't think I've ever had chamomile in anything but tea, so I'm not sure what to expect Pour is a crisp gold color with some haze, 1 finger head quickly dissipates leaving no lacing.
Poured black as tar with a medium brown head that lasted longer than I thought considering the style.
Pours a deep dark black with a firm offwhite head about a half inch thick leaving a tiny lace.
A: Pours a lot darker that i thought it would and that was a pleasant surprise.
This is a jet black beer with a pretty dark head
This one is really dark, pitch black with an aggressive pour producing a short-lived tan head that recedes very quickly to a small ring.
There's not much lacing, but there are boozy legs lining the glass after each sip.
Upon the decant, the beer delivers a beautiful golden-amber color and a magnificent bright appearance.
Creamy head character of stark white foam laces with a lot of decorative patterns on the glasss.
Impressive appearance overall.
A- Poured to a light yellow color, that had a white head that didnt last long.
Had a little I mean little lacing.
Poured at 43 degrees with slight head that did not have much retention.
Clear, pale and watery with a few small bubbles.
Appearance: Hazy orange color with a decent amount of carbonation.
Slight head that has remained in the pint glass.
Poured a very slightly hazed golden orange into my pint glass.
The thin head leaves a Swiss cheese like lace on the glass.
Pours a rather crisp yellow almost orange with a thin head.
The beer is dark yellow orange color, a little hazy, with a thin head.
Poures a light clear straw, with a one finger white head, decent lacing clings to the glass.
I thought it should be a little more hazy.
Pours a dark amber color with decent head that does not recede much.
It's a tad too dark to see the carbonation, but fairs well.
A - Dark brown with a crimson tint.
Out of the tap, only a tiny head and there was no lacing.
Pours a hazy, unfiltered looking burnt gold.
A little paler than most IPA's, I think.
Pours a rich viscous black with a creamy tan head that patiently gives way to a thin, but sticky lacing.
Very dark opaque brown colour, nearly black.
Pours with a large and thick tan head.
Pours a hazed sepia with a good amount of yeast sediment peppered throughout.
Carbonation is mild and the doesn't stick around long.
Lacing is sticky and has no problems remaining after each sip.
This beer pours a cloudy pale orange color.
The head is half an inch in height, and recedes quickly into sparse lacing.
Medium brown, fairly clear and light penetrable.
Small thin ring of white foam.
It's a straw yellow with a thin white head.
A darkish golden pour from tap with a small white lacing around glass.
Pours with a lemony yellow body, slightly hazy.
Think creamy head with fair retention
A - Deep saturated orange Gold.
Very nice appearance.
A soapy head which dissipates down quite quickly leaving no trace of any head.
No lacing either.
Light carbonation visible.
A - Very Nice, clear, dark reddish-amber color.
About one finger of somewhat thin head that retains pretty well.
Leaves pretty nice lacing.
Opaque brown hue with the exception of some ruby edges at the bottom of the glass.
The head is tan and thin (typical for the style), and slowly settles to a bubbly rim.
Spotty and stringy lacing.
A - This beer poured a golden orange color that produced a fluffy white head that had decent retention and left a moderate amount of lacing on the side of the glass
A - Pours with typical beautiful nitro-cascade, settles out to crisp clear pale gold with 1 1/2 finger lasting fluffy, creamy head, decent lacing.
A: This beer pours a beautifully clear deep golden/copper color with a 1/4 inch white head that recedes to a small film quickly.
Nice wispy lacing is left on the glass
A- An aggressive pour revealed a small head with lacing on the bottle and a little retention
The beer pours a pitch black color with a thick frothy tan head that slowly fades to lacing.
A: Pours a copper color with a moderate head and decent lacing.
A- Pours a light bronze color brew with a one inch finger head that disappeared quickly
Pours opaque black with a soda like fizzy brown head.
My pour resulted in a little better than a finger's worth of rocky, medium-tan head with good retention.
Color was a deep reddish-amber with NE-quality clarity.
Czechvar pours a golden yellow with a fluffy white head from a brown twelve ounce bottle.
appearance: The pour gives a 0.3' off white head.
The beer is a clear, light brown in color.
It poured a little on the 'heady' side and the head was so bitter it really pursed my lips.
Pours a pale orange with a quickly receding tan head.
No lacing is left behind.
Pours a dark brown color with two fingers of tan head that had good retention.
The head eventually settles to a thick cap.
Just a little spotty lacing is left on the glass.
The beer is a clear copper in appearance with a head that doesn't last too long.
It pours a deep dark brown with a slim head, but it produced such beautiful lacing you just can not fault it.
It pours a cloudy, really pale straw topped by nearly two fingers of white froth.
Pours a brown-amber capped with a 1.5-finger ecru head that leaves a good bit of lacing on my glass.
Opaque orange with a light, white, creamy head that was not all that well retained but full of carbonation, but did settle into a small thin cap.
Appearance: Hazy dark amber color with a thin off-white head.
The first careful pour from a long-standing bottle delivers a crystal-clear golden-orange and yellow body that teems with fine, effervescent bubbles beneath a two inch head of densely creamy white froth.
The head retention is excellent and it maintains a solid quarter inch of cream as well as leaving almost completely solid walls of lace throughout the glass.
Appearance: amber with a tan one finger head that lingers; decent lacing
Auburn-tinted amber under a surprisingly heathly rise of buttercreme
A=virtually no head, deep amber almost black
The appearance was a great, thick looking dark brown.
It almost seemed to pour like it was caramel.
A: Served a dark cranberry juice color with woody highlights and a very thin light pink collar.
No lace
Pours hazy amber color with a nice 2 finger white head with very good retention that reduces to a lacing cap that leaves nice lacing.
A- dark coppery brown barely able to peak through.
Very little head, just a splotch of some micro bubbles bunched together in the middle with a thin ring around the glass
appearance: The pour produces a dark tan, .5' head that gradually recedes back into the liquid from which it came, save for a ring around the glass and a small island of froth.
The beer is practically black in color, save for some brown light escaping from the edges.
Poured a opaque black with a generous three-finger mocha head which settled to a coating.
Lacing was almost non-existent as it warmed.
A: Poured a deep golden color, most comparable to tree sap.
Very little head, but permanent lacing
Appearance: Light amber color, thick head with nice lacing.
A: The beer is cloudy brownish amber in color and poured with a thin off white head.
This beer pours a coppery-amber with fair head and little retention.
This brew is a clear, almost cherry red colour with nothing for head.
Okay, a thin white head formed on an aggressive pour, but it was gone before I could sit down.
Appearance: Clear brown with ruby overtones topped by a nice healthy beige head.
Streamers of bubbles keep the head pretty decently replenished and assist in leaving decent amounts of lace on the sides of the glass.
Appearance: The head is has a slightly off white color and it builds up thick and foamy.
It slowly fades down to a wispy thin layer that just hangs on until the end.
There is very little lacing to speak of.
The body has a light golden amber color with very good clarity.
A- this one pours black with a finger of sticky slightly darker than beige colored head
A-Slightly hazed, ruby-red grapefruit tinged copper with a cask driven billowing white head that reduced a bit and left caking lace.
Typical hefe cloudy golden, large head.
Poured into a chalice a black color, some carbonation, not much of a head at all, a couple of tiny islands appear.
Pours a darker golden color with a fizzy white head and soapy lacing which hangs around for the duration of the drink.
Pours a translucent mahogany with a loose, half-inch off-white head that quickly disperses towards the shoulders, forming a thin, bubbly band.
There's also a residual oily slick across the center of the glass.
Pours a very hazy orange golden with a thin head that settles to a ring.
Almost black, it has a very large light brown head very slowly shrinking.
A: Pours a 2 1/2' head that falls to a respectable creamy presence.
Absolutely beautiful deep amber auburn color.
Very nice to look at.
Nicely dark body for this style, its a deep brown with hints of amber on the sides.
Hosts a 2 finger head that is a rich tan that leaves nice lace as it fades.
12 oz bottle pours a clear, light copper color with a tall, light tan head.
Fades slow and leaves lots of sticky lace.
Very nice looking beer.
A: Pours pale golden with an airy white, kind of fluffy head.
Slow dissipation leaves quite nice lacings
This pours a very cloudy lemon colour.
Some retention of head.
Not a pretty beer.
Poured into the snifter well and has a nice golden appearance, with a nice light head.
A bit hazy, almost like a Heffie type beer.
A: Actually, Sassy Red isn't all that red, sort of amber with a suntan.
Pour was avg.
typical lager.
Cloudy yellow in color w/ a thick head that isn't quite as well retained compared to other Hefeweizens.
Served in a pint glass, the beer pours a dark brown coloring with a thin layer of off-white head.
A- Pours a cloudy and hazy orange-amber hue with a nice amount off craggy white head that is sustaining and leaves a fair amount of lacing on the glass
Clearish yellow, light orange color.
Nice sticky lacings cling and stay all over the glass
A: Hazy shade of bronze, a smallish off-white head with tears of hops and malts abounding.
Yellow color beer with some orange notes.
Head is white and disappear quickly.
Hazed and very opaque.
The appearance was nice.
Dark gold with not much of a head but nice lacing when it started to dissipate.
A: Light golden, not at all 'amber'.
One finger head that is very white, no A/C, but pretty decent lacing
The beige head is comprised of medium-sized bubbles and slowly, but inevitably, recedes to a thin strip; there is some lacing adhering to the glass.
A: This beer pours beautifully black with a really large brown thick head that sure takes it's time to dissipate, leaving rich lacings.
Poured a lovely golden color with massive chunky white head.
Head lasted throughout and nice lacing on the side of the glass.
Poured a hazy yellow with a nice white head.
Nice lacing.
A: poured a nice dark brown with a tan colored head about half an inch thick, nice red/garnet accents when held to the light.
little clumps of lacing all around the glass, not too shabby.
not terribly impressive though
A- Golden clear color and generous head in spite of the little sampler glass size.
Beautiful amber color with nice head.
Head goes down.
But a nice lacing stays for a while.
Pours clear orange/copper with a modest tan head that dissipates to a fine ring of bubbles around the glass, with some lacing.
Appears a dark pitch brown color, a wimpy head that dissapears quickly.
A: The beer is clear yellowish orange in color and has a light amount of visible carbonation.
It poured with a thin off white head.
Pours a hugely carbonated pale yellow that is transparent.
Nothing really exciting about it.
Poured in a short glass to a cloudy brownish-ornage with medium thick off-white head that lingers well and leaves okay lacing.
A- Pours a mid-golden with a short lived small fizzy white head.
Got a few streams of carbonation floating upward.
No lacing, below average head retention.
Poured from the 12-ounce bottle into a pint glass at room temperature this brew shows a hazy carmel color with an out of control oatmeal colored head and layers of lacing.
Pours a very clear, light tea color with a a beautiful big nitro head.
A very dark brown beer with a small head, that forms a small off-white layer on the side of the glass.
Pours dark reddish- brown with a short lived, off-white head.
This beer poured a hypnotically deep amber color almost as though it wanted to be an American brown.
Near white head that faded quickly Way darker than I was expecting.
A: Held up to the Florida sun, there isn't a shimmer of light shinning threw this chocolate stout.
On top of the black liquid goodness sits a milk chocolate head that happens to be the same color as the label on the bottle.
This beer poured a very appealling copper reddish color.
It was very clear with an average head.
pours a very dark brown but shows a lot of red color when held to the light, a surprising amount of which makes shows through.
Head is tan, creamy, a little over an inch, and both lasts and laces the glass well
Appearance - Cloudy orange, not much of a head.
No head after settling.
Poured clean with a nice deep golden straw color with over 2 fingers of crisp head that quickly sunk down.
Impressive lacing on the glass, with legs
This is a killer Amber ale.
It's weird that they call this a 'red ale,' when it is clearly an amber color.
Other amber ales are far more red than this.
22 oz bottle poured a light amber color with a thin white layer of head.
Look: inviting, deep darkness.Not entirely black but close.
Opaque and not allowing much light in
Pours a slightly hazy golden color without much head.
A: Not jet black but a couple of shades lighter.
Dark tan head, excellent retention and beautiful lacing.
hazy orangey amber colored with almost no head.
Poured a deep tangerine colored beer with moderate slightly off-white puffy head.
dark black with nearly no light at all shining through on this one.
Rich tan colored head of about two inches quickly settled down to about a half inch of tan that thoroughly coated the inside of the glass.
This was what the style is all about
Pours an almost inky color.
It has a small head that is light brown in color.
It dissapates quickly.
Color is a nice deep copper, and the tan head is ample even when it's served a little on the cold side, as is the pint in front of me.
A: Apple Juice
A: pours a clear amber/orange beer; head pours a white, creamy, 1 finger thickness that remains, dissipating slowly; leaves a thick, creamy lacing that sticks to the glass
S: sharp, astringent aroma up front; bitter hops, with hints of fresh-cut grass, citrusy lemon notes, and biting, sour grapefruit flavors; bouquet closer to IPA than APA in my opinion
A- pours a slightly hazy shade of amber with a one finger white head.
Head sticks around for awhile, lacing is totally solid.
Looks damn good
appearance: really a fantastic bottle design - very sharp...served in new glarus flute, pale strawberry body, very light white foam - no lace
This beer poured out as a nice golden color with a white head on top.
The head retention was pretty good on this brew.
A- pours a dark shade of amber with a three finger slightly offwhite head.
The head is very puffy, and the lacing is all the way around the glass 4.5
A - Clear amber body with a large foamy offwhite head.
A clear light amber to dark gold colored ale.
Good tall white head forms and then falls some but doesn't disappear.
Sort of an deeper honey color with a white fluffy head.
Served from a plain-looking, yellow labled 750, this Tripel pours out bright, lightly clouded apricot yellow with a fantastisly dense and chunky white head that has epic retention and tons of stick
A: A 12 oz bottle poured into a pint glass yields a brown ale with ruby hues and a 1/2 inch fluffy khaki/tan head.
Chunks of lacing cling to the side of the glass as I drink my way down -- certainly looks nice
A beautiful deep scarlet color, with a thick tan head.
The head lasted a long time.
Pours a slightly hazed copper color with a pretty good off-white head on top.
Keeps a thin lace but leaves a ton of sticky rings on the sides.
New penny in color.
A- This beer has a slightly dense orange body with a creamy tan head that last for a sip.
There is a gentle carbonation of big bubbles that glide to the surface
A- Poured into a Duvel tulip glass, pours a golden yellow color with a HUGE white head that takes up half the glass.
The head possesses amazing retention and lacing as well.
This is a very pretty beer
Pours a two finger dark cream head that fades slowly to a thin layer leaving a good lace.
Deep, clear amber/mahogany color.
Pours a very clear yellowy orange color with a Niven creamy white head.
Santa's is dark ruby-red in color with a creamy light brown head.
Pours a nice copper color with a big head that settles down to a light foam within a minute or so.
Goes down a bit bitter with a bit of lacing on the side of the glass and little carbonation
Frankenfest pours a clear amber color with some small bubbles floating slowly up from the bottom of the glass.
On top a fluffy white head grows quickly to a 2 finger width.
The head slowly dissolves back to the beer leaving behind lots of nets and sheets of lace on the glass.
Copper body with some lazy carbonation bubbles floating around.
Huge, fluffy, rocky head.
It fills up your glass and sticks around for a long time.
Leaves plenty of nice sticky lacing behind too.
Pours out very pale with way too much head and froth all over the place when I uncorked the undisturbed bottle.
Pours a hazy amber orange-red colored beer with a light fizzy head as usual for cask.
Golden yellow with a slight chill haze and substantial amount of carbonation.
A thin white head that dissipates quickly.
Not much lace to speak of.
Pours a light brown with an orange hue.
Medium head is white.
Appearance: Honey/golden color with light- to medium-carbonation visible.
No head, just a trace of foam around the edges of the glass.
Appearance - Amber, Clementine, Orange colour.
Medium clarity.
Light-Medium carbonation and very little head retention.
A- The crystal clear body has a brownish orange hue and a bubbly snow white head that is supported by a strong carbonation of big bubbles.
Poured an orange-honey color with a small white head.
Appearance: Brown with some hints of red, a nice, wispy white head with some lacing
A: Light creamy head that fades quickly, light golden amber pale color with pretty good clarity
This beer pours a whiskey brown with a touch of gold.
The head starts tall, even and egg shell white, but fell to a thin film leaving some spots of lace.
It is almost pitch black colored and has a nice white head.
Pour is bright straw yellow with a thin, fluffy head.
A: Orangy-gold colored, somewhat cloudy due to the bottling yeast, with nice 1-1/2 finger frothy white head.
Gorgeous matrix of lacing on the glass that sticks around quite a while.
Maybe the best lacing I've seen from any beer.
Pours a dark ruby to brown in color with a lacey head.
Its hazy mahogany body is topped by a light tan head of foam that holds quite well and leaves some jagged and craggy rings of lace at the outset.
Pours out very dark to the point of pitch, a white head bubbles like uncooked pizza dough...
A: looking like a M??rzen bier, with an elegant bright reddish amber hue, coming with a well-lasting layer of creamy off-white froth on top of abundant streams of fine carbonation.
This triple pours a yellow/amber color with large carbonation and a thick creamy head.
The head diminishes quickly but leave a smooth layer of sticky lace.
Pours a medium gold/copper in color, slightly hazy with notable carbonation.
Has a thick fizzy white head that receded into a thin cap halfway through the pint.
A - Pours black, mocha head, some nice lacing and retention left behind after it all settled down.
A very nice-looking RIS we have here.
Bottle poured into chalice - beautiful amber brown excellent laceing holds tight and through.
Pours a deep and lively copper -- similar to but darker than the Samuel Smith's IPA.
Wild off white head and sea spray lace.
A: Pale tan-yellow with very thin white head that quickly disappears.
Beer pours a dark brown color with a nice off white head.
A: Pours a clear golden color with a huge 4-finger white head that lasts forever
Poured a clear orange with a big, frothy, white head.
Nice retention and impressive lacings.
Pours a one-finger brown head over a pitch black liquid.
No edging when held to light.
Fizzy 1 finger head fades at a med pace, little lacing, clear yellowish slight carrot orange color.
Poured out deep dark brown with a nice head that quickly disappears.
color lioght amber, to me this product is made for the masses and not for the beer lovers.
Head is a bid thin, but who cares?
A - Poured from a bottle into a tulip glass.
Fairly dark, it is a schwarzbier afterall, but light still shines through.
A slightly copper hue when it is held up to the light.
A: Pours a dark amber with a one-finger head that fades to nice lace.
It pours a golden orange with a huge white head that fades to a 0.5cm coating on the top of the beer.
A - Deep amber / dark copper with a small head that leaves a tight ring after each sip.
Pours dark orange with white head resting on top.
Yellow/gold appearance and not much of a head - I poured it when it was probably too cold.
Anyway, the beer is a darn nice looking very gold (like a shiny coin).
Since I poured it, I had a lovely inch of creamy white foam, but alas where did it go?
Poured into my Dogifsh Head snifter with a nice deep brown color, a 3/4 inch vanilla colored head that stuck around a minute or so, some rention but not much lacing
Pours a dark brown color with a thin tan head that dissipates quickly.
Good Belgian lacing.
Poured burnt orange with a half finger off-white head that subsided to a minimal amount quickly.
Maintained nice lacing throughout the glass.
A - Aggressive pour leads to a big foamy, bubbly head that dissipated pretty quickly and left some lacing on the glass.
Its a nice bright yellow color and hazy - I could not see through it at all.
Pours a deep burnished copper color with a big thick head leaving much lace on the glass.
A - Poured a hazy orange color with a white head that leaves lacing behind
A: 1.8' white head over nearly clear straw liquid.
This good looking brew is a very murky deep red amber with an exquisite and creamy, tightly-formed tan head that retains beautifully and laces with remarkable gusto.
Beer rarely looks much better than this one does.
Appearance: hazy pale yellow in color with a short 1/2' white head.
Moderate lace develops.
Pretty black, little brown edges.
A thin white layer.
Cloudy apricot glow under creamy white head that billows up and settles into fluffy clumps as it falls.
No lace
Appearance: A deep amber body with a just darker than white head, good lacing with ok retention.
It pours a muddy brown with a quickly dissipating head.
A small ring of bubbles line the edge of the glass.
Poured from the caged adn corked bottle an almost dull yellow, cloudy but with a large foamy head
A = Slightly hazy golden liquid, very small white head with no retention, no lacing.
Pours deep brown with one finger of tan head and a little lace.
The appearance is orangish/copper with white head that is lacing nicely.
Lighting made the colour difficult to ascertain, but I would be surprised if it weren't a very dark brown.
Came with a good head which stuck around, adding to the feel of the pint.
Other than that, the beer pours a clearish cloudy orange with a thick, retentive head and some sweet, light brown sugar, light hops, and an oily sesame taste.
Very nice frothy head; great lace; the color is light amber with a slight red tinge.
Appearence: Pours a crystal clear amber with a thin, bubbly white head that dies to a collar.
Color: Bright yellow color with a very thin head
Appearance- Dirty yellow-orange colored pour.
The slightest of head (less than 1/4 inch for sure).
Leaves some ultra light watery lace behind.
A- Pours out a nice brown color- like the color of black cherry wood.
Not much head, and not much lacing.
Snowstorm pours a very crystal copper color with slight brown and red hues.
A good foam that remains throughout but limited lacing overall.
A: my goodness this beers color is great its a red mahogany with a light tan head lace looks really good it kind of coats the glass
It was a little bit of a pale orange IPA with some decent carbonation coming through and a small white head that fades quickly.
Virtually little to no lacing occuring from this one
Pours with a dark brown, burgundy tinted body.
Light, tight tan head forms with about an 3/4 of an inch of foam.
Fair retention, some little bubbles of lacing left down the side of the glass
A - lightly hazy copper body with beautiful fine bubbles and a nice white head
Appearance: Pours a very cloudy, almost opaque, orangish color with a finger of thick off white head.
There is some really great lacing and wonderful retention.
A: Poured a near opaque mahogany red with a thin sudsy dark khaki head
A- Pours a one fingered light mocha head.
atop a dark brown /black beer.
Head is short lived and lacing is minimal.
Poured a deep dark brown / almost black colour.
Burnt brown head poured pretty thick, foamy and meringue like then faded to light covering with thick edging...
some light lines of lacing cling to the glass...
Pretty descent beer, pretty smooth with a light white head to it.
A: Pours a brillant golden straw body with a good size bubbly white head, long lasting, spotty lacing.
A - Poured a light copper color with an off white head that leaves some lacing behind
The pour into my snifter raises a half-finger head (spread over a very wide surface, mind you) that quickly dissipates to a lot of light tan surface bubbles and a thin glass ring.
The lacing manages to be pretty thick and entrenched.
The body is truly opaque.
I'd allow less head retention, if the ABV were comparable to most impys.
Made your generic nitro can appearance, poured a bubbly red amber with a pale tannish nitro creamy head that reduced to a creamy, thin lacing.
Pours clear golden with 1/4 inch off white head
Some lacing and a persistent head
A: This beer pours a beautiful deep, translucent copper, with an off white head.
Head recedes quickly leaving spotty lacing on the glass.
A- Pours with a crazy, foamy, 3 finger+ white head which eventually settles to 1 finger and some lacing left behind.
Body is a nearly transparent golden yellow hue.
From an 11.2oz bottle with no freshness date, it pour a pale straw color.
The three-finger head is large and creamy, forming a stiff foam dome extending beyond the rim of my pils glass.
It shows great retention and strands of lace cling in web-like patterns.
Appearance is a hazy orange, with a light white inch head.
Slight lacing on the pint glass.
This beer pours a very dark brown with a small head that stays with you till the end
Looks decent, a brown color (imagine that!
) with a tan head.
Nothing bad, nothing extraordinary.
This one pours a nice almond brown with zip for a head.
Pours a very hazy orange with a huge 3 finger head that leaves beautiful lacing.
Beer is hazy and kind of orange with a nice soft white head moderate carbonation and some lacing on the glass.
Looks good.
very dark and frothy -- no light escapes here at all.
Pours a clear yellow/gold brew.
Pours a crystal clear pale yellow with large army of bubbles racing to towards a modest white head.
It poored well, and and had a great head.
Pours with a bright golden hue, clear, with a thin head that dissipates fairly quickly.
A) Light golden yellow in color.
Pours with a thin half inch head.
Visible carbonation from bottom to top.
Big bubble lacing
Great appearance.
Pours a cloudy amber color with large off white head and some lacing.
The color will surprise and astonish you.
Fat Bastard is very clear and pours the color of walnut.
But in bright light the color is blood; deep, lustrous blood, like something gushing from Steven King's elevator.
As a beer, it's compellingly beautiful
A: A hazy reddish brown with a tall thick orange/brown head.
The head sat about a half inch above the rim of the glass for a good 3 minutes.
A: a very light golden color with an extremely thin head on a hard pour and no lacing on the glass.
It had very light carbonation showing and very filtered look.
Pours a dark raspberry red.
With a light tan head that dissapated fast.
No lacing in my bottle
I got a face full of grapefruit and piney hops the second I poured this pale golden, ever so slightly hazed beer into my pint.
nice golden brown color, so-so smell, light hops up front but will linger.
even would consider it somewhat lighter than alot of pale ales.
Pours a hazy orange-ish color with some yellow hints, with a white head.
A - Golden body with some oranginess to it.
Nice full off-white head at first that settles down to a consistent foam covering.
Good lacing.
Frothy, tan head, breaks down fairly quickly to thin layer of foam.
Coffee color.
A: Huge pop on cork.
Pours dark golden to light brown.
Huge thick foamy, ?? inch bright white head
This one came to me with a large creamy root beer foam-colored head.
The brew was a very dark tawny-brown color.
It looked great.
Midway through my pint, I noticed sheets of clingy foam coating most of the inside of the glass.
Poured reddish brown with a half finger light tan head that subsided to a minimal amount very quickly.
A: Hazy caramel and orange in color with considerable tan head.
Lacing sticks around for a while.
Could be my New Belgium glass affecting that.
Appearance: Pours with just over 2 finger of light tan head.
This settles lowly to a thin yet complete cap of foam.
The beer itself is a bright mahogany and shows moderate activity.
Some sediment remains in the bottle.
Poured a rather bright orange colour (like a muted fanta orange) with a fizzy bubbly head that disappeared pretty quickly.
The beer arrived a clear amber golden with an off-white head which lasted to lace the glass.
Baltika 9 pours out a clear yellowish color with a white head.
It leaves an intricate pattern of lacing on my glass.
Dark amber colored hazy body, with a tightly forming and sticky one finger thick head
Pours a hazy golden straw color with a nice one finger fluffy white head that quickly dies down to a thin lacing.
Stickiness is ok at first but pretty weak towards the end.
Amber color with decent head.
A little light, not too much retention.
Body is flat black and holds a creamy mocha colored head that is thumb thick and diminishes slowly.
Lace clings to the glass.
Appearance-Yellow gold with brilliant clarity and a moderately large white head with decent retention
From a 500ml brown bottle, it pours out a deep translucent ruby brown with bright garnet highlights.
Tall creamy beige head that settles to a thick tight cap.
A: Golden color.
Pours a brilliant amber-red with a thin white head that quickly fades to lasting ring.
A- Pours a deep opaque mahogany almost black color, with an off white head the quickly resides to a thin ring around the edge of the glass
A: The pour is a hazy straw color with an initially fluffy white head that slowly dies down to a thin layer.
Rich brown color with an nice head but it dwindled quickly.
Appearance: light golden yellow hue with a touch of haze and a thin finger of fluffy white foam.
I hate to say it, but it looks rather like a macro lager, but with a little haze
Dark brown/ruby red, definitely see-through, with a two finger fluffy tan colored head and very nice lacing.
Poured into a snifter with a generous pour and it produced a creamy off white two inch head that settled but stayed a long time.
really good lacing.
This is what what a beer is supposed to look like!
A: Nice amber dark orange color with a nicely lacing head...
Appearance: Pours like motor oil, with a pitch black color and a thick brown head that leaves plenty of lace
Poured from a 12oz brown bottle into a pint glass, two-finger light tan head with excellent retention.
Golden-amber with sticky residue clinging to the glass.
Pours a clear golden color with a large white head that quickly settles to a whisp of foam.
A lot of carbonation bubbles makes this an exciting looking ale.
Patches of sticky lacing is left on the glass.
Pours a nice thick creamy head that doesn't disappear.
Color is reddish orange with a nice active carb.
A- Jet black body with no light penetration.
Tan 2 finger head that reduces quickly to a crown but this is persistent.
Lacing is average.
Nice ruby-dark brown color, decent head.
Forms mid-sized frothy white head with good retention atop of clear (gets hazed with the consecutive pourings), golden body with uprising streams of bubbles.
The head leaves only little short-lived lacing as it fades.
Poured from 22 oz to tulip, nice clear reddish brown with a large light brown head that left nice lacing
A - nice reddish brown color with a light beige head.
Poured a medium, see through, copper color with an averaged sized off white head.
A: Almost black with two inch dark tan head
Appearance is light copper, thin head that dissipates rapidly
Appearance: Dark copperish brown with a light tan lace that has no problem retaining.
Not too much head, but what there is a light tan, with some stickiness.
The color is pure black, with not even the slightest bit of light penetrating the brew.
tulip glass, mahogany to deep amber in color with over a fingers worth of a creamy head.
lots of lacing in the glass.
Pretty auburn with a cream colored small head, strong lacing.
A - Pours pretty darned black, not much head, leaves of white ring
A: Poured a orangish color with good carbonation at first but shortly fell flat
Poured into a shaker pint - a deep rust colored beer, very cloudy - creating a bit of a subdued, hazy orange glow.
It also has an explosive ecru head that grows to well over 2 fingers, then leaves a foamy fossilized lace pattern after the once proud head has settled.
Nothing short of impressive, and a bit of an intimidating battle call.
appearance - Blcak color , nie head but then settled to a pond.
Left spots on the glass from lace
Thick dark brown with red highlights.
Foamy light brown head.
Hints of purple.
Yellow gold color, hazy.
Large white foamy head.
Dark brown, opaque body with off white head.
A: Nice 3 finger brown head.
Over a nice dark body.
Pours a hazy orange, and this thing is damn delicious.
Translucent amber/red color, tan head of a little finger.
Lace was okay
Appears a light gold with no head or visible lacing.
Little streams of carbonation make their way up to the top.
A - Pours heavy on the black side with shades of black, with a huge amount of fluffy light beige head, kinda looks like the top of an ice cream soda.
Pours somewhat hazy orange.
Head was not too impressive nor was the retention, no lacing.
A: Nice, 2.5 finger off white head on a golden-orange, very clear body with good active carbonation.
This is a very attractive beer.
It delivers a spicy-floral aroma and abstract lace above a body of clear dark bronze.
Poured a slightly-transluscent red-edged dark brown.
Fairly big light tan head quickly subsided to thin foam and moderate lace.
A- Pours a deep, dark brown, with red tinges.
1 1/2 finger head that is fairly persistent with little to no lacing
Pours a deep gold color almost amber with a thick white head.
Hazy amber color with a thin tan head.
Decent lacing and ok retention.
Appearance- It looks like how it should ....And i like the hand with the hammer.
I don't know why, it's unique
A-Medium brown, light brownish head
A: Poured a very light, golden yellow color with a slight chilled haze.
A thin layer of wispy white carbonation forms on top.
A= This beer poured a hazed reddish cola color with a 3/4' cream colored head.
The head dropped to a skim in minutes and eventually disappeared altogether.
Only a few spots of lace.
A: Pours a dark amber red with a finger of white head, very good lace.
Appears A dark golden with a finger of foamy head
Sits a near pitch black with some cola colored edges.
A dark khaki head rose two fingers and fell quickly to form a thin collar.
Some minor, delicate lace.
This poured a brilliant golden amber color with a 1 finger head that dissipates into some nice sticky lacing.
The beer is as black as I've seen them.
Brown head began about half an inch and has dissipated quite a bit and it now clings to the side of my glass.
Very nice reddish copper color with a short-lived tan head.
No real lacing
Poured black with edges fading to light brown.
Had a highly brown head that was pocky, cavernous, and popping and reshaping all over the place.
Left dots and fingers of stain
A- Pours a deep brown, with a nice off white head.
Pours a hazy, amber brown with a thin, wispy head that fades to a few stray bubbles.
Appearance is a slightly cloudy orange with barely any foam..with little retention.
I mean, foam is there...but come on.
This is a wit.
I expect more
Pours a crystal-clear yellow-amber body with a good inch of off-white head.
Pours much darker than anticipated, a deep orange with only about a half-inch head on it.
Disappears to a just a ring around edge.
Leaves decent lacing/webbing.
A- This beer has a warm golden orange clear body with a gentle carbonation of big bubbles.
There is a sticky cream-colored head that bubbles like pancake batter
Pours a crystal clear golden body with a foamy white head that drops shortly but keeps a good collar and leaves exceptional lace throughout the glass.
The appearance is a slightly hazy, dingy, amber color with a very thin off-white head.
A - Deep ruddy orange with a one finger head that sticks around for a while.
Some good lace graces the glass, and the amber-orange brew keeps grabbing my attention since it's much darker than most Oktoberfests.
A dark amber color generally, but it allows more light through it than many stouts I've had.
The head is light brown with nice cavities and settles into a thin, but complete layer atop the beer.
Lacing on the sides of the glass.
appearance: light yellow to almost clear
London Porter pours out a dark brown, nearly black, color.
A thick head accompanied the pour, but quickly disappeared and stuck around as very light lacing.
A: Pours black in the glass, but when held up its really just a deep brown.
Lots of creamy tan head that leaves big lacing on the glass
A: Pale amber in color, cloudy, with a small creamy head.
Great look to the beer with an orange copper body topped with a light tan creamy cap.
Pretty clear for a bottle-conditioned brew.
Head settles to skim in 30 seconds.
About 10 big chunks of yeast.
Pours a dark golden color.
The liquid is completely clear with no haze, but a lot of carbonation that creates only a thin white head with very little lacing.
Pours a classic golden lager coor with plenty of isible carbonation ands a mighty head tthat quickly cowers to a thin cap.
A- Pours a deep amber color with no visible carbonation activity after the pour.
A nice two finger white lace that sticks around pretty much throughout.
A nice cling to the glass after the pour as well.
Pours a dark chestnut brown with a creamy light tan head
Pours brown with a thin white head, quickly settles to a film.
No lacings.
Pours a deep dark brown to almost black with a one finger head with a light caramel/brown color.
Low retention with a quickly disappearing head and little lacing left behind.
Served on the nitro tap but the head seemed to be a bit depleted compared to other nitros Ive had.
Great anyway.
Nice and opaque with a creamy tan head.
Appearance: Crystal clear, ruby red colored with nice lacing
we decided this one tasted a bit like 'guiness light', poured a thing brown color with an impressive frothy head.
Poured roughly into a tulipish glass, garnet, ruby rudy brown hugh.
Light tan two finger rocky head, belgian lace abounds and a light tan ring hangs around.
Pours an orange copper color with a moderate sized off-white head that fades into a sticky lace.
The beer poured a boring piss yellow and the smell was just a tiny bit of something and water.
It pours a red tint with a nice little tuft of tan head.
I noted that it was very carbonated
Pours clear pale gold, very mild head.
Looks fair.
Pours a pleasantly thick and pleasantly opaque black-brown colour, just giving hints of copper-brown at the edges.
Head is large-bubbled, but frothy and firm.
Lacing is excellent, leaving rivulets of foam down the edge of the glass, much in the lager style.
Looks great.
A - Pours one finger of sticky off-white head.
It has a pretty good retention and leaves good lacing.
The beer is a slightly hazy copper color.
Pours a nice clear golden brew.
Appearance: Amber in color, little to no head even after a ?€?hard-pour?€?, what little head there was quickly recedes to a thin ring.
pours slightly thick with no real head.
very hazy carmel color.
Pours oily black with a thin brown lace head.
It poured A clear dark orangy gold with a minimal head.
I'm not generally a huge fan of Moylan's labels, but I really liked the brown label on the Old Blarney.
It seemed to fit the style and the beer itself very well.
More importantly, though, once it left the bottle, the Old Blarney poured a deep, copper-red with a thick, foamy and off-white head.
Good looking.
A - pours a slightly hazy golden color, nice one finger white head that retains well, decent lacing
Poured a deep reddish brown with a huge fine textured light tan head.
This beer pours a fairly cloudy mahogany orange color with a bubbly little head that retains a bit and laces.
Pours a slightly hazy amber-gold, not particularly bright, but the head is an excellent fine-bubbled frothy head.
Lacing is truly excellent.
Truly an excellent looking brew.
The beer pours a dark orange with a hint of amber.
The head is light white with light retention and lacing.
Initially shows a dark mahogany color but reveals a transparent deep ruby color when held up to natural light.
Half a finger worth of frothy hot chocolate colored head quickly dissapates leaving a paper-thin ring of froth encircled a patchy layer of fine suds.
A few small pillars of fine bubbles channel carbonation to the beer's surface.
Nice, dark cola colored body, with a cookie dough head.
Really thick lacing.
A- Light amber color to the beer, it had been stored on lay-a-way for a while before I got a hold of it, so it might not be the best example.
Nice Lacing, but it dissipated quickly
The head retention was medium.
The head itself was creamy, quickly dissipating into thick lacing
Color is a dark brown.
You can see through the glass if held up to the light
Poured a nice brown with a beige head.
Some head retention.
and a bit of sticky lacing.
Pours a hazy medium brown highlighted with orange, and topped by an inch of tight white head that settles slowly lacing the glass nicely.
Presentation: Poured into a Duvel Tulip after a very foamy episode from the bottle and glass.
It just wouldn't settle down.
A: Poured out a hazy, dark amber with a thick 4 finger head.
Heavy lacing.
A - Poured into a tulip glass.
Pours cola dark brown with chocolate highlights and a khaki head.
A- Pours a hazy orange-amber with a thin head that has little retention but does leave some sticky lacing.
Mama poured herself into my glass a scintillating orange copper/color piled high with two fat fingers of persistent off white foam...and we're not talking lacing here, we're talking full length curtains.
Mute, orange and caramel aromatics occur beneath adequately fizzy, orange-colored liquid.
A ?€? Pours a dark dirty copper color almost getting into the realm of brown.
Small little head forms in a white color that creates a nice lacing as its enjoyed
Appears black with a small tan head and scattered lacing.
From the tap it is poured into a pint glass: a nice medium amber with a brownish tinge.
It has a lingering thick head and substantial lacing that hangs on the glass.
Clean eggshell white that drops a full peg although its imprints remain stitched into the glass.
Processions of bubbles parade top to bottom.
A lusterless cider complexion.
It looks about as standard a macro lager as there is
Transparent and minimally yellow...no head...
A-dark brown with a nice tan head that sticks around for a while.
dark garnet with two-finger tan head.
Retro Porter' produced a nice foamy head but it was bashful-- after a few minutes, where the head lingered and grew turned into a dark dialated pupil with an iris of what remained of the foamy head.
From a 2007 ceramic bottle the was 750 ml in size this poured a very deep and slightly hazy copper garnet color with a very thick and long last tan hear that left great lacing.
This is a light clear straw color with a thin head.
A great big 3 finger tan head with uniform small bubbles on the poor with good retention.
Dark brown with many medium sized carbonation bubbles.
Minimal lacing
Copper brown in color with a fair but fast fading head.
bottle; the medium hardness pour produced less than 1/4' head, which quickly dissipated.
When brought up against the light, this beer shines through with gold.
Pours a nice deep copper/amber color, with a fluffy, irregular head.
Lacing on this is great.
The color is a cloudy yellow-orange.
Because it was poured slowly, there was no head and therefore, no lacing to speak of
Beer is black with a dark mocha head.
Very appealing
Poured a light orange color with a thin white head, little retention or lacing.
Hazy, thin golden with little head and few visible bubbles, but a definite effervescence in the mouthfeel.
This beer has a golden appearance with a nice white head.
Looks like every other pale ale out there, but somewhat above average.
Nothing else really sets it apart as far as looks went.
A- Pours a glowing reddish amber, clear and crisp.
The beer pours with a healthy white head, and the lacing is pretty intense
Amazing red and pink color, some froth, and sparkle to it.
See-thru brownish amber body.
Decent splotchy lacing left by the cream-colored head.
Pours a hazy dark caramel color with a small light tan head that disappears quickly.
Loads of sediment, despite the careful pour.
Pours out in a opaque dark yellow colour, topped with a large, thick white foam.
A firm pour yields one finger of bubbly off white foam atop a light brown body, clear and crimson in the light.
Offers some artsy lacing after settling to a light film.
A: Barely hazy reddish orange, 1.5 finger head random rising carbonation.
Excellent looking beer.
Perfectly golden, cloudy and supporting a puffy cream-colored head with great retention.
This was presented to me directly off of the handpump and the soapy head quickly fell away to wisps.
Color was a deep coppery-amber with NE-quality clarity.
Pours to a clear straw golden, forming a small white head which recedes quickly but has good staying power, and the retention is minimal.
A - Amber color topped with one finger of soft off-white head.
A- orange tinge with exceptional carbonation
A very regular head fades into a thin collar on a very dark amber-red color body.
pours deep black with thich cream head, great retention and great lacing.
Pours a deep reddish amber with a finger of off white head that slowly fades, leaving some nice lacing.
Bud Light & Clamato Chelada has a medium, pink head, which instantly fizzes away and an opaque red appearance, with golden splotches left on the side of the glass.
Poured dark, with a heavy looking, thick head, good lacing.
Cloudy brownish amber glass with an unmoving mass of a beige head.
Pours a slight tangerine orange and straw yellow.
The head is nice and bubbly but fades very quickly with a little lacing.
Pours an amberish golden color with a spritzy off white head that dissipates quickly.
Belgian dark ale they say?
I am thinking not.
Fairly dark in the glass.
Slight red edges noticed when held to the light
Serving notes: Hefe glass, cellar temp
Appearance: Almost no head but a thin persistent white film remains.
Orange-yellow, slightly cloudy, but mostly clear.
Appearance: Pours a hazy dark yellow, but still lighter than most hefe-weizens.
Huge initial head that tightened up to a still-impressive half-inch of foam.
Clear, brassy reddish orange colour with a collar of white foam and a skim of fine bubbles covering the surface of the beer.
Appearance: 1/2 inch head, cloudy, orange brown in color, moderate carbonation
a - hazy golden brown / orange color with a dark tan airy head
An amber pour with hints of pink and yellow.
Fluffly head, good lacing.
A - Murky, semi-opaque honey.
Low head.
The pour a clear deep amber, the head is mediorce, the lace spare, the color off white.
It has a thin-to-medium, off-white, root-beer-like head and a clear, copper appearance, with a few bubbles streaming up.
Some lacing is left behind.
Light gold/straw colored body, no visible carbonation, minimal head and lacing.
This ??Purple Haze?? pours a nice light golden yellow.
A fat head gave away to a thin lace.
Poured a meager 1' head which quickly dissipated to lace.
Dark in color almost like a stout and flavor likewise was similar to a mild stout but with a lighter body.
A- Great, clear bright orange/yellow with a 1' head that stuck around for a while.
Dark brown in colour with low head that disappears quick.
low bubbles and some hard lacing
pours blacker than sin and twice as dark.
huge tan head with lots of foam and a few bubbles.
Clear, pale amber hue, bone white head, smallish but staying.
Poured into a regular pint glass this beer produced an amber/orange color with a very small head.
It produced minimal lacing.
This beer pours a clear golden yellow with a decent white head that dissipates to a thin film without much lacing.
Sparkling yellow hue with large marshmallow head.
This ale pours a nice shade of brown.
A very thick light tan head was on top and NEVER left.
Pours a clear golden color with a fluffy 1 1/2 finger white head.
3.5 A: Depending on the lighting, this is orange amber or amber brown in color.
About one finger of frothy off-white head dies down quickly, but leaves a decent amount of lacing.
A: dark black, cream colored head.
Thin looking
Label says,' We have combined the finest Belgian malt, rare European hops, and an authentic Belgian yeast and finally, the brew is dusted with tulip petals.'
Gold to orange in color.
Chill haze present.
Nice golden amber color with a little cloudiness from the sediment.
Average sized soft white head.
A - This one is a semi-transparent chestnut brown with a big fluffy three finer head.
There is a reddish tint to this brew, as if the smallest amount of rhubarb or strawberry color shines through.
A decent amount of lace is left on the glass, and head retention is awesome.
Should be kept in the can but if poured, you'll see a nice amber/orange color.
Pours a dark brown color with very little head.
No lacing down the sides.
(A)- Pours an almost crimson/ruby color with a nice tan frothy head.
Some lace.
A clear, light molasses pour, almost amber ?? topped by a thinnish lite brown head.
Died mighty fast.
Pours jet black, with a dark tan head.
A - Hazy peach.
Head could be better - sorta wimpy looking - like over-whipped egg whites - recedes quickly to an everypresent cover.
This beer pours a pale golden color, has a two finger head with a fair amount of retention and some good sticky lacing.
Pours an opaque jet black.
Looks like ink.
Khaki colored trails and webs of sticky lace.
A: Pours a light golden with a nice white head with a little bit of lacing.
Slightly hazy amber in color.
Pours with half inch head good lacing.
Pours a nice light amber with an off-white head that fades, but not completely.
It pours a proper deep, very clear amber with a thick, rising, fluffy, pouty off-white head that sits there for ages and only recedes to a thin but complete covering of the beer after a lot of sips.
Lacing is phenominal, lots of sticky head bubbles clinging to the glass that mark the beer's progress.
An extremely well-presented ale.
Appearance: Appears a reddish amber in color, small fizzy head forms and retention is low.
Pours with a dark burgandy body with ruby highlights, the colour thins out quite a bit near the edges to a thin diet coke hue.
Tight tan head with good retention, some patchy lacing
Nice, clear golden colour.
Thin white head struggles to avoid an inevitable quick death.
A: Dark murky amber with voluminous white head that diminishes to a wisp ring.
No lacing but none were expected.
Great legs
A: It poured a clear orange to copper body with a modest white head.
There was decent layered lacing that lingered until the beer was gone
Pours a mostly clear golden with a small bubbly head.
Little lacing.
Pours a dark golden/straw color with a prolific amount of persistent bubbly carbonation that results in an off-white 3-finger head that recedes at a slow pace and leaves no lacing behind.
Appearance: Copper colored with about a half inch head.
Pours up with a thick, clouded, banana peel color and an inch of creamy head that falls to a small dusting of bubbles about halfway through.
The cloudiness is about on par with a German Hefeweizen after the yeast has been dumped.
Fizzy sounding pour, decent head retention.
Filtered clarity of pale bronze.
A-3.5 golden clear...rich looking thin head nice carbonation
Appearance: Pours a slightly translucent dark brown color with a rather unimpressive head that reveals the brown liquid beneath with rapidity
A - Deep dark almost black body.
Thick medium brown head.
A: Nice and dark, nice contracst with the the head before if fades to nice lacing.
Appearance: Deep Brown in color; Thick cream-colored head that retained fairly well, thinned out about halfway through; a little lacing.
Pours a dark rich burgundy amber tone with an off white head.
A-dark transparent honey with a thin white head
This beer poured a very deep ruby color with a nice sized almost white head.
This brew had excellent lacing, more like sheats of foam on the glass.
pours cloudy amber brown with a 2 finger head that faded fast an left no lacing
Pours very dark brown, with reddish at the edges, and a substantial tan-colored head that leaves good lacing.
In a tulip glass this beer was a dark amber color.
It had a thick, off-white head that was very sticky.
A good deal of lace.
A very frothy head and intriguing appearance.
The top half of the body is glazed right over while the bottom half holds large bouts of clarity.
Pours deep black with a thin, off color head.
not much head here.
oh well, the liquid is a very nice gernet hue
Appearance: Pours out cloudy, burnt orange body with a full inch of lasting, off-white foam.
This beer pours a cloudy brown color.
Dark brown appearance with a tan head that dissipates somewhat quickly.
A: Poured from 12-oz.
bottle into tulip glass; dark, almost black body with thick 2-cm mocha colored head that recedes 1-cm leaving a nice lace at edge.
Pours a moderate-sized head.
Color is a dark yellow/bronze.
A - Pours a hazy pale orange color with a fluffy one fingered white head and active carbonation.
Pours a light amber/orange color, with a decent 2 fingers of head and some lacing Aroma is a bit lacking, with notes of chemicals, subtle hops and raspberry iced tea.
The beer pours a surprising dark color, copper with a light tan head, not much retention or lacing.
This lager pours gold in color with a medium soapy head.
Pours a very cloudy pale straw color with a minimal white head that doesn't last very long.
Appearance - Dark as night, black oil, creamy thick 2 inch head, tons of lacing, o yes
pours a huge head with decent retention and a nice orange color that indicates caramel malts
Appearance: Pours a hazy, orange-copper body with a thin, wispy off-white head.
A- This beer pours a hazy golden orange body with a white head of big rocky bubbles.
The carbonation is lots of big bubbles similar to soda pop
Pours a semi-hazy burnt orange with no head, just a thin, tight white band around the bowl.
Pours with a nice head and is a dark brown with a bit of red/amber cast to it.
I poured mine with a ton of head on it which lasted quite some time
Clear straw yellow-light gold with a low white head that leaves a bit of lace.
Pours a dark brown/black with a thin rimming of tan head.
Pours a beautiful dark reddish brown with thin off-white head and copious sticky lace.
Swirled around the last inch of beer to get the yeast active and top it off nicely.
Cloudy as a bavarian hefe weizen should be.
Brought to the table with a good head still on it.
Standard deep amber colored body beneath an off-white head.
Slightly hazy.
Good head retention and lacing.
Pours one shade away from black with light brown highlights and a one-finger tan head.
The head recedes into a wispy layer on top leaving light lacing.
A - Pours a hazy, copper-orange with a 1.5-2 finger fluffy off-white head.
Good head retention with a little lacing.
A: Pours a clear golden yellow.
inch of head, it runs into a bubbly lacing that clings on for a long while.
The beer pours a medium to dark gold with a huge light tan head that rises about 3 fingers but doesn't have great retention.
Tons of carbonation.
Lacing is ok.
Poured into a tulip a lighter amber color with a thick tightly bubbled heading.
Left some lacing throughout.
It does have an attractive pale yellow color, unlike some other macros that look too yellow for my tastes because they remind me of urine.
Pours extremely dark, very close to black with brown head that disappears fairly quick.
Pours a clear copper with a creamy ivory head.
Some lacing.
A: dark yellow-ish straw in colour, pillowy white froth, high level of carbonation.
Pours golden, with a large, foamy, white head, good lacing.
It was syrupy think coming out the bottle.
Pitch black with a moderate brown head that leaves a nice layer on top of the beer.
Pretty honey color with a low, bright white head that subsides to whitecaps on the surface and bits of lace on the sides.
A: The DIPA is a golden orange, hazed over, with a thick white head keeping it company.
The head leaves strata of lace behind.
Beer comes in a small taster glass with no head and is deep milk chocolate brown with ruby highlights
A - Pitch black body with a huge dark mocha head.
Tons of lacing and retention.
Looks pretty damn good.
Looks like swamp water, the head is white and short lived.
Had a golden/amber color and not much head to speak of.
the creamy light chocolate looking head was a little on the small side probably due to the lower carbonation mouthfeel of this brew,but it did leave nice sticky lace on my new beer clean DFH glass.
Pours with a light brown, one-fingered head, fades quickly, leaves hardly any lace.
Color is a dark, cloudy amber.
Appearance - Dark brown
A- Very small one-fingered white head on top of a mid-golden body.
A couple dozen streams of carbonation coming up from the tulip bottom.
Head is short lived...leaves a decent amount of lacing.
Appearance: Poured with nice very creamy tan head that dissipated leaving nice lacing down my glass.
The beer is clear with a very dark reddish-brown color that lets a little light through
A- Bright orange with a two finger head
Pours very dark for a dunkel and produces a thick foamy head that ultimately turns to a thin film.
Minimal lacing slowly creeps down the glass and I am not able to determine the carbonation since I can not see through my glass.
Poured into a pint glass and received a one-finger head that stuck around due to carbonation.
A mix between between copper and oragne is how I would describe the light, seethru body.
A - Looked like a glass of murky swamp water.
It was a cloudy light yellow color with a finger or two of off-white head.
Not much light getting through at all.
Making itself at home in my Terrapin pint glass, 'Dos Cocoas' Chocolate Porter is the color of oil-stained ebony and is trimmed with mahogany-tinted garnet highlights at the periphery.
A grainy-bubbled cap of soft khaki foam relaxes quickly into a soapy sheet too soft to leave more than token freckling of lacing on the glass.
A - 1 finger of foam, good layer of froth after the foam dissipated, cloudy tan copper color but can see that there is carbonation bubbles present
The color is spot on, but the lack of head retention damages the appearance score.
Poured with a cascading, creamy/frothy head that eventually coalesces into a two inch dense, tan-colored cap.
Head eventually settles into a solid one inch cap with thick sheets of lacing coating the sides of the glass and exhibiting excellent adherence.
Appearance is a dark brown with ruby highlights around the edges and when backlit.
The beer poured with a clear, golden color with somewhat creamy lacing on the sides but a generally thin head.
Appearance: 12 oz bottle, it bsically looks like yellow water, urine like.
Pours amber with a thick foam that has good retention with decent lacing all the way down.
Pours with a big full chalk white head that laces alright.
Light gold to yellow and mildly cloudy.
Pours a beautiful dark brown.
A heavy pour created over three fingers of creamy tan head.
The body is dark brown/ruby in color and no light shines through.
Pours a mahogany brown with copper hues by the rim.
Light head subsides to a nice film and a rather thick collar.
Slight lacings a pleasant surprise.
Poured ink black with a nice brown head and good lacing and head retension.
Absolutely no light coming through this brew.
Poured a pale copper hue with a one finger foamy white head.
There was decent retention and very good lacing
Appearance - Looks really good going into the glass.
An amber colored beer that is brilliantly clear and very nicely carbonated which is feeding a nice constant head and gobs of lacing.
A: Mahogany brown with nice beige head that lasted for about a minute.
Pours an amber-brown color with bright orange highlights when held up to the light.
Appearance- Pours a rich, deep clear copper with a terrific three finger head that remains like soapsuds atop the beer.
This is a malty brew on the eyes alone...
reminds me of Fuller's ESB with its depth of hue
A: A hazy gold color with a huge pillowy off-white colored head.
Has a nice brown hue with a decent head that leaves good lacing.
2004 vintage: Pours a murky mahogany with some ruby tint, and a thick, creamy tan head...very nice especially for a cellared beer.
Pours a slightly hazy mahogany color with a thin tan head that retains OK.
A - Pours a clear copper-orange color with a finger of white head.
The head fades down to a thin right around the outside leaving behind some lacing in the process.
deep mahogany with a massive head demonstrating gradations of tan, slowly fell but left audacious, chunky clumps of lacing.
A: Nice amber color with a quarter inch of off white head that does not retain all that well.
Some lace.
This one looks a lot like coke with some cherry highlights.
When held to the light, this baby glows.
The head was but a little collar.
Pours a clear golden orange color with a one finger foamy white head that quickly settles into a thin ring.
Minimal spots of lace left behind.
A: The ale is a hazy light brown color with a small head and no lacing.
A: A really nice color.
A unfiltered golden that poured pretty flat without much carbonation.
Stills looks pretty darn good though.
Suspended yeast towards the bottom of the glass.
Appearance: Dispensed a light copper body, lightly hazed and capped with a finely-textured, white head.
It poured a light clear amber that had a thin head of white foam that quickly dissipated into a handful of white foamy rings, one streak of white lace, and a few spots of lace.
Appeared a lightly hazy straw yellow with a tall white head.
Pours nearly a finger of white clingy head.
Dirty pale blah yellow.
A little bit greenish color.
Not pretty.
This brew pours a light straw color and settles a haze infused yellow orange.
2 fingers of a chunky off white head sits forever..
Amber-red with a thin white head that remains.
Good lacing.
Golden amber in color, smell is of malt, and hops.
The head is white, 1 finger in size and leaves moderate lacing in the glass.
I love the deep dark red of this beer, a near black cherry color with a tinge of mahogany.
Served in a tulip glass, it has a constant head and a champagne-like stream of co2 coming from its depth.
This is a nice looking glass of Red Flemish Ale.
Golden orange hazy color.
White foam, average in compactness and creamy.
A- Black with no light passing thru and a light oatmeal head that remains strong.
Hazed firm dark orangish color, with a murky miz of red and brown also, it is interestin, a fruit juice color.
A full bright white fluffy head that has sporatic lacing that has a lump in the middle, looks like a chunk of ice cream.
pours a reddish copper.
nice and clear, good off-white head.
pours a slightly murky copper/brownish.
rumors of undercarbed are greatly exaggerated; this baby is flat as a fritter.
This beer has a really cool label, and a cool bottle.
One the cork comes out, the beer pours a slightly hazy golden color.
The head retention is decent, and the foam creates a nice lace around the glass.
The beer pours a striking gold color with good head retention and decent lacing.
Pours clear amber with a creamy white head with good retention and lacing.
Bright golden sunlight in your eyeball - it was tantalizing.
Obsidian in color, and not giving light a bit of passage even when drawn out across the glass.
A: Pours a clear dark amber colour.
With a thick two finger creamy off white head.
Settles to a small cap.
Leaves quite a bit of lacing.
The beer poured a deep garnet color, with a minimal cream colored head.
The head faded after a minute into a ring of foam around the edge of the glass.
Bits of lacing seen as the beer was consumed
Appearance has a clear copper tone with a thin head and minimal head.
A - deep burgundy, clear, low tan head, still leaves a bit of lace
A - Pours an amber, orange color with a one finger head.
Nice clean pour with a wonderful cork pop.
A tall head dies down rather fast leaving nice lacing and the beer is a beautiful hazy golden color
Light golden color, with a full head of lasting foam.
A - Almost pitch black...there are some garnet hues around the outside when held to a light.
The head is thick and moussy coffee color with excellent lacing.
Appearance - Black body.
Light brown three finger pancake batter head with good retention and decent to low stick.
Appearance: Bold orange amber colour with a mild chill haze, big frothy cream coloured head nearly over flows and seems to stick all over the glass.
Appearance: Poured into a 1/2 mass glass krug.
Came out with a nice deep red with a bit of lighter (orangy?
) tones.
2 finger head that quickly disappeared with minimal lacing.
This one pours a deep copper capped with a dense collar of tan foam with outstanding clarity.
A deep amber hue with a modest haze gives the impression of rich Pale Ales or English Mild Ale.
Light lace was a sight for sore eyes after looking for the same with their famed white wines and desert digestives.
A - Crystal clear golden orange body with a little bit of white head and lacing
The beer pours a honey amber color with pretty good head retention and lacing.
Has a cloudy rust color with a head that keeps itself a live for some time.
Appearance: The modest head develops holds up alright, and sticks along the glass's side.
Murky body is a shade darker than school bus yellow-orange.
Lazy spirals of bubbles surface to maintain a solid layer of fine bubbles.
Spectacular looking.
A-Deep black/brown with a large dark tan head that reduced to a thin cap and left nice lace
Brewmaster's Collection brown bottle with a freshness date of May 2005, the Cream Stout poured dark brown and opaque with red highlights at the edges.
The head was very thick, brown, and craggy.
Needless to say, lacing was very nice as well.
Pours the standard cloudy, medium golden color of all other wheat beers I have seen.
Has an initially very nice thick white head that sticks around for a bit, but not too long.
Left some nice lacing in my glass though.
Poured a medium amber color with an averaged sized off white head.
pours a clear, dark amber color with almost no head.
Leaves very little lacing.
A nice rich amber colour with a fair white foamy head that lasts a minute or so, leaving a fine lace on it's way down the glass.
A: Pours a nice black color, same as the original.
Not much head and little lacing
Pours an attractive orange color with a moderate head.
The Olde Jack poured nutty brown with a slight head on it.
Pours dark jet black.
Visually like oil, very little foam or other activity.
Poured a very nice deep copper color with fantastic head and lacing.
Gold appearance, crystal clear.
Head is light and without body, gone in 20 seconds.
Practically no lace to speak of.
A deep orange/brown colored beer with a small head.
Bottle: Poured a deep black color ale with a huge foamy head with great retention.
Appearance: Poured with a nice light tan foamy and bubbly head that dissipated over a couple minutes leaving lacing at the top of my glass.
The beer is very clear orange gold color
Appearance: Comes a transparent orange amber with sparse, infrequent carbonation..
Arrived without a head, though there was a thick sheen of snow atop with some thin, delicate solid sheets of lace.
The sheet-like nature of it all doesn't remain long, but there's still plenty of sticky, clingy, stained glass-esque lacing.
Unfiltered, we opt to decant carefully and allow it to pour a bright, very clear pale golden brew topped with a rocky white foam head that shows great head retention.
Pours a burnt orange with a two inch off-white foam head.
The beer was murky copper color with very little head.
Color was cranberry pink, with a light pink foam.
A - Cloudy, rich orange/amber appearance.
High level of carbonation with lots of perfect tiny bubbles.
Great full, white head.
A: Crystal clear, no head, no sedimate, just like all the others.
"A- Amber gold with a solid two maybe even three finger head."
Looks absolutely delicious, I dare say it is one of the best looking beers I've had.
Appearance: An easy pour from the can into my new Shorts glass (thanks Stef!
), the beer is a clean, clear golden bronze color.
There's plenty of white, foamy head on this bad boy, at least an inch and a half.
The lacing is most impressive, heaps of thick sticky foam clinging to the sides of the glass.
A: pours a dark straw hue, lively carbonation full of tiny bubbles, topped with a cottony white foamy head with ok retention.
Murky chestnut colored with an inch high light brown thick head that slowly recedes leaving a ring of large bubbles around the inside edges of the glass.
Pours a murky orangish-brown color with a white head.
Canary gold with suspended yeasties.
Slow upward-streaming bubbles.
Modest head, fantastic lace.
Pours a dark brown color with a good tan head that leaves behind a bit of lacing and sticks around for awhile.
Poured a ruddy brown, no haze at all.
Off-white head formed and very slowly receded to lace.
Appearance: Pours an opaque golden orange with a 1/4 finger foamy white head which dissipates almost instantly.
No lacing at all.
Poured from the bottle a clear amber gold with a pencil-thin white head.
Pours a hazy yellow color with a big white head.
A deep golden color pour, nice sustained head of about a 1/2 finger.
Appearance: Pours a clear copper color with a fizzy head that quickly disappears to a ringlet and milky way; virtually no lacing
Appearance: Pours a slightly murky ice tea brown color with a frothy head and some lacing
came out with a nice clean clear look with a good size head that did not last long.
it has little to no lacing.
It pours black, with a chocolate head.
The beer looks great--a nice, deep brown with a fine head.
Pour is opaque with a massive mocha colored head that took its time to sink into a wisp atop.
Some nice lacing around the sides of the glass.
Pours yellow gold, with a slightly amber hue and a white, soda like head.
Absolutely lovely looking beer.
Pours out a clear walnut color with a good finger of foam topping it, frothy and lasting.
The beer pours a black with off-white head.
There are touches of brown and red in the mix.
The head quickly subsides and doesn't leave much lace.
Tan head rose and fell and lingers on the surface.
The body is black oily and completely opaque.
Pours a very dark, muddy reddish-brown..beige head.
Pours dark amber with almost white head.
Pours a nice black color, nice carbonation, nice little fizzy light tan head, with some nice sticky lacing to follow.
Light honey/caramel, orange-yellow color.
Head is very dense, very thick, and keeps going until the end of the beer.
An orange tea colored brew with a goodly foamy head and decent bits of lacing throughout.
nice bomber bottle that poured nice and smooth.
nice carbonation and head - about one inch.
medium reddish brown in color.
quite nice lacing down my glass.
A - Medium amber/light copper-colored body with half a finger of off-white head and modest carbonation.
Head flared up to a fluffy cap with each swirl of the glass.
A: A nice reddish-amber with a finger-width head that dissipates quickly and completely.
An unexpected color and pour.
Pous out of the rocket widget bottle with a vengance.
A lovely dark, dark brown head, that lovely smell that is Guiness.
a: straw yellow with usuall hefe cloudiness, about a half inch of head that does not dissapear fast and leaves a good amount of lacing
Pours a dark brown with hints of red intermingled.
Fine bubbles line the glass and lead to a medium tan/white head that settles rapidly leaving no lace.
Super fluffy beige head with gloriously artistic lacing-hey nice legs on this one eh!
A- A dark mahogany that is quite transparent.
Nice 2-finger head with a vigorous pour that leaves some lacing
A - Pours a clear, but fairly dark amber with an off-white head that has fair retention and some light rising carbonation.
Looks beautiful served on draft in a small brandy snifter.
Looks like a burnt orange to me.
Pours without a head.
Just a brownish colored beer with a little bit of a reddish hue to it.
Produces a great three finger sized crown of light tan cranium that dwindles down and stays about a finger thick through the whole serving in a Chimay chalice.
Awesome lacing, and has a dark ruby reddish copper colored body that is pretty hazy.
The ale poured a yellow, goldish color with a very slight haze.
The head was nice and white, about 1/4 inch.
It dissipated rather quickly leaving very little lacing.
It has a looks a lot like anchor liberty ale.
It appearance gives one the impression that this may be a light pale ale version; it is not.
Pours dark gold with a heavy chill haze, and a half-inch head of white foam.
Retention is moderate and a few streaks of lacework appear for the duration.
Appearance- Cloudy brown pour with a thick two-finger head.
Fantastic head retention.
Little visible carbonation and the translucency
One of the few cloudy ones.
A hazy amber swirls under a nice high rounded head.
A- Very dark read, almost NO HEAD and minimal lacing.
A - Huge tan creamy head on top of a super black viscous liquid.
Pours a straw colored, hazy golden yellow with a vibrant foamy white head of big carbonation quickly dissipating leaving little lacing in the glass.
A - Cloudy orange straw with 2 fingers of white head and some yeast
Pours a deep amber, with a tan head that quickly vanishes.
A casual pour yielded a finger of light beige head situated atop a cloudy brown liquid the color of cider in the fall.
The head faded fast leaving little to no lacing.
A: Dark amber color with a thin cream colored head
A: Almost a finger of tan head with a very aggressive pour.
Pitch black with light brown only visible in the light.
Some retention but no lacing.
Appearance: Slightly hazy reddish amber with very thin head.
Pale golden very clear brew with lots of carbonation, off white head with large bubbles among smaller ones, decent retention and good lace.
Pours fairly dark, clear burgundy color with a nice tan head.
Appearance: Golden Honey.
Slightly Orange.
It's a little opaque.
It has a weak head with minimal retention.
Pours pitch black with tan head.
A-Clear, light copper hued with a medium off-white head that hung on and left decent lacing behind.
A: Poured into a tall pilsner glass, it yields a clear, light amber body with a big, airy, off-white head that disappears quickly.
The beer certainly fits the name well and the color of this beer is very red for a standard IPA.
Had a full white head that had good staying power for having been served in a growler.
Came to me a pale golden color with a thin white lace.
Pours an amber with an orange hue.
Two inch white head fades quickly.
Very little lacing.
Pours a clear golden orange color with golden mango colored hues when held to a light source and a thin white foam head that quickly settles into a thin ring.
Not much in the way of lacing.
This Trappist was not quite as dark as its Belgian Trappist counterparts.
However, don't judge by that.
The head was not anything to particularly write home about (I do own a goblet glass for these specialties).
Pours pale straw hue with a thin white head.
This one pours a dark mahogany with ruby hints, and a light tan head.
A light golden brown pour with a malty, musty aroma.
Pours nearly black, yeilding a murky brown to the light, with a very nice dull tan head.
A: Pours near-black with a nice, thin tan head.
Pours a deep dark black, cloudy with good head and lacing.
Poured nicely, with a cloudy/unfiltered body.
White head lingered long.
Pours cola-brown with a whisp on the surface and a few dots of lacing
Poured a surprisingly large, 4-finger head.
Deep, amber color was impressive
A: Brown-black with a thin head.
Medium mouthfeel, neutral yellow-gold.
Not much head, creamy.
Hazy bright orange in color with a fluffy white head that quickly dissapates, leaving delicate lace.
Way too orange looking.
Poured a bright, clear copper color, with a thin, tight head, and just a hint of lacing in the glass.
Poured out dark, cloudy and brown with a creamy off-white head.
Appearance: Pour is a red-orange amber, small white head.
A: Pours a burnt orangish red color.
Not quite copper, but close.
A decent foam head that eventually disappears.
Blotchy lacing that lasts the whole drink.
A: This beer pours a cloudy, ruddy, dark brown with some reddish highlights to it.
A HUGE finger of creamy khaki color head caps this beer off.
Head recedes at a moderate pace leaving chunks of sticky lacing on the glass
A: The pour is an amber sort of color with a nice finger's worth of off-white head.
A- Orange tinged light amber, a nice head that doesn't quite fully dissipate, and leaves beautiful lacing down my mug.
Appearance- Pours a cloudy pale gold, the head cresting at about two fingers and settling to a fine mat.
Looks like a good witbier, solid in appearance.
Pours a deep brown color.
A cloudy amber mahogany beer with a light khaki head.
Some fantastic retention but no real lacing.
Dark, deep, cloudy brown with a tan head.
Clear medium copper/amber with a substantial tan head that retains fairly well but doesn't manage much lacing
A: Yellow gold with a large white head, decent retention, and no lacing.
Poured a cloudy red-orange color with a quickly dissipating head leaving little lacing.
Appearance - Slightly hazy dark amber/copper colour with a small size fizzy white coloured head.
There is a low amount of carbonation showing and there is some faint lacing.
The head lasted for only a minute minutes.
There was no head, and the beer is basically flat.
A-- Dark copper/amber color with a nice 1 finger head
A one-finger frothy on top of a see-thru brown body.
Amber head dossent last to long
Short tan head with poor retention
Pours a very hazy yellow with a hint of orange.
Has a very active bubbly white head that just looks great receding down the tulip glass.
Damn good looking beer.
This beer pours a full bodied dull golden in color with a two finger bright white head.
This has got to be the thickest wheat beer I've ever seen.
Imagine a gold imperial stout in appearance.
) it is a medium dark colour (for a 'pale' ale) rich and inviting, with a more maltly aroma, but also a bit sulphury from the 'burton water' that characterises this style and origin of the beer.
Poured into my oversized wine glass with a strong bubbly head and a nice brown/copper body.
This winter ale has a dark brown appearance and foamy head.
A: Pours a pure, evil black.
Dark mocha/rust colored foam.
Loads of suspended sediment.
A nicer color than a lot of light lagers I've seen.
A bit darker than normal perhaps.
No head to speak of.
Came out a dark brown with ruby edges and a good 1-inch tan head on top.
Retention was fair, but there was tons of sticky lacing on the glass edge.
Strong golden colour, with oranged reflexes, a lot of creamy and white foam.
Nice dark amber appearance, great head retention.
Ap: dark brown to black with a 1 finger mocha colored head, nice lacing
Pours nicely without much head, but it's a nice dark copper color.
The beer pours a yellow-amber color with a white head.
Large, creamy head.
Pours a cloudy golden.
Thin white head,with some retention,and good lacing.
Poured a deep brown color with little head that dissipated pretty quickly.
Pours bright orange with small white foam that quickly disappears.
Nice tight head that leaves heavy lacing.
Bright orange color, slightly cloudy.
Clean, medium-copper body with light golden edges.
Small, filmy, off-white head.
Dark amber to bronze pour, smallish off-white head that moves to a coating.
Lacing is present but spotty.
A - Two fingers of sudsy white head, the body is hazy golden-brown.
Pours a deep amber to black color with a light tan head.
A - Dark amber colour with one finger of bubbly white head that quickly disappeared
A-Pours a swarthy,reddish amber with a one-finger
fluffy head of light-pinkish white.The head slowly recedes leaving thin strands of lacing.Mild to moderate carbonation is present.
Dark brown color....creamy texture in the mouth....medium bodied....huge sweet melted milk chocolate aroma....also some powdered hot cocoa mix..
A: Bright copper orange colored brew, plenty of visible carbonation.
Somewhat thick off-white head that is quite bubbly and recedes quickly to a quarter inch thick layer atop the beer that slowly pops and bubbles over.
Some tiny lacing down the sides.
A: pale, golden in color.
a decent head with a fair amount of bubbles and good lacing.
Deep amber color with very little head or lacing.
Appearance ?? This was a glowing brown in color and very clear with a good, reputable head.
Pours a dark gold color with a slight amber hue.
Good, sticky head retention.
Dark chestnut with slight head but excellent retention.
Slight lacing.
A shade darker and deeper than a hearty IPA, the head isn't large but consistent.
There was yeast in the bottle, as there should be, and I poured some but not all
A - caramel color with some amber highlights.
minimal head.
but does leave a good bit of lacing.
This beer pours an opaque black, with reddish-copper edges, and two fingers of soapy beige head, that leaves consistent webbed lacing as it recedes.
Pours a dark brown that shows ruby highlights when held into the light.
Thin off-white head that has decent retention and shows minimal lacing.
Extremely clear.
Pours a clear golden/yellow with a medium head that leaves decent lacing.
This really looks like any other large macro beer.
appearance: appropriately orange with a full creamy head and lacing.
Pours a clear reddish amber with a couple scant bubbles rising hither and yon topped off with a thin khaki collar
Appearance - cloudy orange color with a little amount of head atop.
Medium gold color with a big fluffy head, fades quckely
A - slightly less than a one-finger, tan head that faded to a patchy cap; a bit of spotty lacing; dark brown color with quite a bit of ruby-orange highlights
Appearance and Smell:Poured a very dark brown, just about black and didn't allow much light through.
Had a very minimal cream colored head which dissipated quickly and just sat at the edge of the glass.
A - Light golden straw with little to no head, even when intentionally poured with no decanting.
Small lacing.
A bright, golden filtrated beer with a thick head.
Appearance: Beautiful amber color with an inch or so of moderately fluffy white head, which produces fine lacing.
A standard look for the style.
Poured a deep dark brown with a half finger light tan head that subsided to a minimal amount quickly.
Maintained decent lacing throughout the glass.
Pours a completely clouded golden color with some yellow hues.
Thick, frothy white head retains well on top, fading into some layers of film with some rings of lacing on the glass
Poured into a large snifter, the beer is a bit of a foamer and really needs to warm up before it comes to life.
The appearance is a dull golden with a never-ending cascade of tiny bubbles heading towards a gigantic white frothy head.
The head will lessen but stick around and lace the glass with white frothy bubbles.
Head still existent throughout.
Appearance: Poured a Hazy, yellow, peachy color with a huge fluffy white head.
Ebony on color with a rich creamy head.
Dark, ruby brown with a thin head the clings to the glass like crazy.
Pours a nice light mahogany with a wispy beige head, and is, for all purposes, a nice looking barleywine.
a - cloudy brownish red with a khaki colored head.
Slight film of head left on top.
great lacing
a: pours a light brown/orange with very little head
It pours a hazed sunrise russet-amber topped by a finger of ecru micro-foam.
A - Very deep red body (black if not held near light) with a small pale head.
The appearance of this beer is a cloudy amber hue.
An unfiltered Orgainic beer is sort of 'tree-hugger' sounding.
I've had one organic IPA beer before and it totally ruined my view of the word 'organic' when refering to beer.
The brew pours a dark brown/black colour.
The head is tall and brown.
Pours black with ruby highlights and an off-white head.
A- pours a nice deep amber color with a thin white head that retains a little less well than was expected but did lace ok.
Poured a nice dark golden color with a good sized white head.
A: Poured a dark golden amber/orange with a thin head
An expansive gloomy head with great retention over an ebony vacuum.
Poured a dark amber color with a tannish, long lasting head with good lacing throughout the drink.
Appearance: Poured a cloudy dark amber color.
The effect of the swirling yeast is really cool!
Head was about an inch and a half of off-white foam, but quickly went away to nothing.
Appearance - A very light brownish color with a hint of orange.
Light head, which settled into a thin layer, decent lacing.
A very hazy gold, with streaks of orange and light red running silently through it.
Poured a light amber color with a one finger head, slight lacing on the glass.
Pours a copper/amber color with a creamy, tightly packed off white head.
Ok lace.
Not as much of a reddish color as I would have thought.
Pours a nice golden yellow with bright white head.
A: Poured as black as the remnants of an ink well (in my brand new tenth year anniversary Ommegang glass by the way).
No head whatsoever and I was a bit aggressive with my pour.
Pours a dingy coper in color with an interesting head, and some good lacing.
Pours black (ruby comes out along the edges) with a finger of foamy light-mocha head.
This maintains some richness to the look, leaving back frothy sticky lace that clings to the sides of the glass.
A: Near black body with creamy tan head.
A: The pour reveals a burgundy-tinged hue that lets some light in, topped by a one-finger head that stays around briefly, but dissipates to a thin layer of bubbles on top.
Pours a dark reddish-brown color with a short fizzy head.
Pours a murky gold with white head that hangs around for awhile.
Pours a thin dark tan head above a dark brown body.
Head recedes fairly fast.
Little lacing.
Pours out like motor oil.
Deep black, with brown edges and a small mocha colored head which fades quickly but leaves lacing.
Some small chunkies hang near the bottom.
A: A hazy yellow with at frothy two finger head.
Looks just as it should.
Pours a nice clear dark brown color, nice carbonation, nice small tan creamy head which leaves quickly, some lacing afterwards.
A: What little head appeared was gone in less than a minute, leaving only the golden-amber liquid to speak for itself
A- Pitch black color, non-transparent, half finger thick dark brown head that lowered to a thin cover
Pours a dense, opaque black body with a creamy, khaki colored head that is very slow to dissolve to a thin lacing.
Amber colored with some ruby hues.
Huge erupting head of off white fades into some sticky lace.
Nice looking just a bit overcarbonated.
A - Pours a deep and cloudy amber color.
A nice half fingers worth of creamy off white head.
Nice lacing along the glass too which makes for a nice looking beer
Poured a hazy orange yellow colour...
White head poured quite foamy then faded quickly to very thin layer....quite a lot of big carbonation bubbles...
some light patchy lacing...
A: Nice dark appearance, with a nice two finger head
Lightly greenish yellow clear appearance with some upwelling bubbles.
No real head generation, but a couple of plimsoul line rings mark the sips.
Fairly clear medium coppery hue with ruby highlights.
Fine, nitro-esque tan head provides good lacing.
Medium bodied, clear orange/amber color with a substantial ivory head that lingers well and leaves a bit of lace
Clear, ruby-amber in color with a dark beige head and a whipped-egg consistency after a vigorous pour.
Head thins some-what but never disappears, perched atop medium-sized bubbles and medium-light carbonation.
Lacing is sparse.
Pours a nice deep amber with a nice frothy head that lasted just long enough for me to take a few good whiff, then settled down to a ring.
A: Pours a very hazy, pale yellow with a bubbly white head.
Low retention and lacing.
A: It poured a dirty yellow colored body with a robust two finger off white head that had decent retention and supported a balanced lacing
Very nice amber color-quite the white head on top.
I was impressed from the very first pour.
Like any stout, the color is a dark molasses black.
But...the head was thick and dense with good retention.
Pours very dark for the style with a 2 finger head.
This is a very clear golden colored ale with a one inch white head.
Poured with a wonderful fluffy white chiffon like head
Seemed as if whipped to a light dense sculptured form that hovered over the beer's surface.
By the time I held my glass on high to gaze at the wondrous libation, that foamy fluffy froth active in the glass clung with a certain tenacity gracing the walls with a web, of lace and bubbles ..
The room light reflected with rays of clear golden yellow-straw color, all the while bubbles materialized and darted to the surface with abandon.
Appearance: Very deep brown (about a 37 SRM), finger and a half tan head, good lacing,
Pours a slightly cloudy piss yellow with a huge foamy white head.
This stuff is about as dark as dark can get...almost black.
Pours with a great, big head.
The color was dark amber with generous white head that laced well.
A- Pours a staw/gold macro color, nice foamy white head with decent lacing as slowly fades.
Not the best looking beer i've seen...
Pours a sinister black with a dark brown head that vanishes rather quickly but leaves a black ale with red edges in the light.
Pours an effervescent mahogany with a finger of mocha colored head.
Average head retention & lacing
A - Poured a dark reddish brown that produced a sulte tan head that retained well and left good lace around the glass
It pours a pretty pale amber color and it smells really good.
Pours a hazy orange/yellow with a creamy white head, amazing retention and lacing.
Had mine with no lemon this time.
It looks like a brown-er cola with light carbonation and lacking head retention.
L - clear, red/orange color with a beige head that thinned after time.
This beer pours a dark brown, almost black, w/ light slightly permeating through to show an almost bronze color.
One finger of cream white head and nice, sustaining lace.
The pour is syrupy and thick.
I can tell that this is going to be thick just from watching it pour.
The body is garnet amber accentuated by ruby highlights in the light.
There is ample head, and it leaves spotty lacing.
Swirls produce wine-like legs that creep back into the beer.
A: The ale opened with a slight pop.
A pour into my mug yielded a 2 finger swatch of foamy head that has clung precariously to the sides.
The ale is a darker amber color, showing off hints of copper red.
Haziness throughout the glass dulls the color a bit.
Inviting copper color with a sticky, if thin, head.
Pours a very cloudy yellow, you can pass light through it easily but you can't see through it.
Presented hazy, light gold, with a merange, white head.
Exceptional retention, ring-like lacing all the way to the bottom.
Medium amber color, small head.
Sierra Nevada Juniper Black Ale is an opaque, pitch black ale with a huge, fluffy, lumpy, light brown head that has incredible longevity and leaves clumps of foam on the glass.
Multiple attempts at a hard pour all fail to yield anything but a slight and still incomplete head on this rust-amber colored beer.
I even tried, unsuccessfully, to produce a head by swirling the beer around and then pouring it from a first glass to a second one.
No noticeable lacing.
Clear and light-straw in appearance, yet not entirely devoid of color.
Once poured, it's beautiful.
Golden color with a cascade of carbonation, and a thick pillowy head.
Pours a nice orange amber with a thin white head.
A: Dark amber with an offwhite head.
Appearance: It poured a deep ruby colored body, almost brown, with a light tan head on top.
The head was really tight and had great retention, but didn't leave much lace.
pours a crystal clear yellow.
big, fluffy head, recedes to a persistent layer of fuzz on top.
Appearance: Pours a solid, blonde/gold, a little bit more copper-colored than a typical American macro lager.
Decent head with weak retention, but as the head disappears it leaves behind a good amount of lacing.
Appearance ?? light cream colored, micronized, 1.5-inch thick (at pour) head; moderately opaque, light amber body; lace is reasonable
A - Pours a clear, dark copper with a huge creamy head of slightly off-white foam that hangs around for some time, leaving soapy lacing as it eventually dissipates.
Pours a clear dark brown brew.
Plain gold in color with little head.
The beer pours a very deep, dark brown color with a nice thick white head
Pours a slightly hazy straw with a torrent of carbonation that leaves a fizzy, weird head
Hazy amber/orange with beige foam composed of medium sized bubbles.
Very good head retention and lots of longlasting, clumpy lacing.
Pours a copper color with a medium head.
Aroma: Yeasty, dark malts.
Hazy dark brownish-orange pour with fine bubbles cutting through considerable yeast sediment.
Topped with a monstrous bubbly head that lasts several minutes with good lacing.
Poured into a goblet a rich dark amber almost brown with ruby highlights when held up to the light.
There was a beautiful two-finger head that was slow diminish and left great lacing on the glass.
Pours a complete midnight black with a nice tan two finger head that quickly dies down to a thin layer.
Stickenss is decent, spotty here and there.
Pours a decent head (about a finger and a half) considering the alcohol percentage.
Body is fairly opaque and is orange to amber.
Lightly murky butterscotch.
The massive head is ecru in color with a yellowish tint and looks to have the consistency of an excellent lace maker.
Fooled again; an underwhelming number of smallish chunks end up on the glass while a stiff mesa of foam sits defiantly in the center of the glass, refusing to fall lower than a few fingers.
A: The pour is a dark amber color, bordering on mahogany with a finger's worth of slightly off-white head.
A: completely black w/tan head
Very dark for the beer style, dark brown beer that can't pass enough light to see the clarity with a good brown colored head.
Pours black, thick tan fluffy head, great retention, thick lacing, very active.
Pours a nice dark honey orange with a nice frothy off-white head.
Anyway, the beer poured a light caramel color and had NO head and virtually no lacing.
It looked kind of thin too.
A: Cloudy orange color w/ frothy head
Pours a rich creamy head that lingers then fades to a clinging ring on the glass.
Rich golden blonde color, tight effervesent bubbles.
Pours black withone finger tan head.
poured a murky, lake-mud brown, caramel edges when held to the light, slowly forming head with a short-lived but impressive cascade resulting in a finger of tan foam
A- Pours a deep red/amber.
Head was a thin finger that didn't persist all that well but left some wisps of lacing.
A - Pours a light somewhat hazy gold color into my pint glass with about one finger of head moderate retention and very nice lacing.
A - pours a transparent, pale golden color.
The head is pale white with no cream, one finger's height, and abysmal retention.
I looked away for a few seconds and the head was gone
Dark amber and crystal clear.
Impressive head that recedes in a rocky fashion, leaving rings of chunky lace on the glass.
Pours a black color with a thin head.
Lots of lacing.
Poured out a pale, hazy lemon.
There were tons of yeasty chunks floating all throughout and a good amount of carbination rising up to the thick, creamy, luscious head.
Mostly clear (just a slight haze) dark golden color.
A big, coarse, cream-colored head sits on a clear, dirty-gold beer.
Lots of fast carbonation.
Hazy,deep copper,mahagony,hard to get a really good look at the color at Bocktown.
Off white head hard to pour without a glass full of fluffy everlasting head.
Left lot of thick webbing all over the inside of the glass,sticky looking.
Pours a slightly hazy dark ruby tinted copper.
Thick 1.5 inch eggnog head hangs out and fades gracefully.
A - Pours a fairly clear brown color with a nice finger and a half of brownish head.
The head has solid retention with very nice lacing.
A: This beer pours a somewhat hazy golden color with a one finger of white head to it.
Head retains nicely leaving wispy chunks of lacing on the glass
Poured a light amber, cloudy orange with dashes of gold, completed by a full head of white foam.
Leave considerable lacing throughout the drink.
Pours a slightly hazy dark chestnut body with copper highlights and an orange glint.
The frothy tan head holds remarkably well and leaves craggy rings of lace with each sip
Pour is easily manageable, Forms a big brown head that is meaty, chunky and clings to the glass, dries and forms crispies...damn nice, near perfect.
A: Dark pour, pretty much black with a light brown head that looks pretty nice for being higher abv.
A: pours a somewhat hazy golden orange hue with a little bit off white head which recedes to a small pool that sticks around for awhile
A Was a clear orange staw color with a 1 finger white head.
Appearance: It's not as red as some other red ale's, It's more of a dark amber.
The pour definatly doesnt look like a traditional white ale but that is where the discrepincy stops.
Cloudy, hazy pineapple color (not as thick as some), decent 1/4 inch pale white head of two primary bubble sizes.
Sheet laces with some traction.
Poured into a tulip glass a golden hued honey color with a slight haze to it.
Not a whole lot of head to speak of though.
Appearance-thick orange color, little bit of gold, thin carbonation and barely any bubbles.
The color is a clear orange/gold with a finger of foamy white head and some slight lacing left on the glass.
A: A hazy yellow pear color, the head is a nice white color.
Looks good
Came a dark gold, autumn leaf colour with a sliver of a head.
But the bartender poured it improperly.
With the glass being a small size, I doubt she could have poured a decent head on it without it overflowing.
A: Pours a reddish amber color with an initial one finger head.
Thin head of retention left after the initial head dissipates.
Nice lacing.
Nothing standout-ish about the appearance, yellow with some gold.
Small head.
Pours two thick fingers of tan froth on a dark brown body.
Pours a deep mahogany with a finger-thick off-white froth...nice lacing.
Pours a clear dark amber brown with a pale oatmeal head that leaves a good amount of lacing behind.
Pours with a cola-fizzy head and it dissipated almost as fast.
Nice amber colored body.
Light pour to this was a good head and lacing that was better than expected.
Pours god's gold, an incredibly clear, bright color that looks alot like a piece of gold when in the dimpled mug.
The head is large, white, and foamy and sticks for awhile.
A: crystal clear amber, rim of bubbles, minimal lace.
Appears a hazy, dark auburn with a small, light tan head that quickly fades into a mild cap and collar.
Spotty bits of lacing are left around the glass.
Throws a chill-hazed golden.
Thin white head retreats to virtually nothing immediately, but leaves some nice lace work down the side of the glass.
The small glass aided in producing a large three finger pink head over a deep red body
A - Amber/orangish with a decent sized off-white head.
Somewhat of a cloudy brown pour with a thin tan colored head.
A: Pours a ruby amber color with 1/4' thin head and some lacing.
This is a good looking beer.
Pours a very dark brown with a thin, off-white, mostly diminishing head.
Tangerine pour with a small white head that clings to the edge of the glass.
The presentation was nothing bold, the beer was black - no question about it, but lacked a good decent finger of head.
The head was minimal and light tan.
Appearance - a murky caramel/brown brew.
Extremely bubbly, three fingers at least.
Fades back to a half-finger and holds there due to quite a bit of bead from underneath.
A - poured black with an awesome, creamy head
poured well into the glass with a rich brown color and nice thick head.
good steady carbonation.
good lacing down the glass.
A - Pours dark brown to black, thick off white head.
Thin soapy lacing.
A: Pours a ruby/orange color with a one finger head that dissipated quickly leaving a little bit of foam on the top.
Decent lacing down the sides
A: Served in a standard pint glass, the beer pours a clear straw yellow color with slight golden hue.
The white head rose about a good inch in a half, but quickly settled, leaving minimal lacing
Small somewhat creamy light brown head that mostly diminished.
Pitch black color.
A - Cloudy yellow-orange.
Appearance- The head is almost silky and is about one and a half fingers of off-white with a yellow tinge.
This one leaves great sheets of pillowy lace.
The body is the color of orange rind with amber highlights.
A fierce sound, clearly heralding something good, or at least, we hope...
Hazy golden hue, fervent carbonation, with a huge, creamy white head atop, very attractive.
A - Pours out jet black with no head.
No lacing either.
Appearance: Pours a hazy dark brown color with reddish hues around the laces.
Has a thick white head that dissipates slowly and leaves little lacing.
Appearance- Amber pour with a nice 3/4 inch thick creamy head, and nice lacing.
Lovely dark shade, very dark...you can pick up some reddish/brown when held to the light.
Very nice head when poured, plus it left lots of lovely lacing through-out the glass.
Armory XPA is a predominantly reddish amber brew with a moderate head and minimum lacing.
Appears a copper toned amber with a lush ivory white head that sticks around.
Tons of lacing cling to the interior of the glass.
pours a tarnished amber, large carbonation bubbles, and a giant rocky offwhite head.
A: Jet black, with red hues trying to peek through, but hard to capture, unless directly in the light.
Thick, creamy, dark tan head, good lacing.
"This has a beautiful, big, foamy white head and lots of lace."
It is dark, but see through.
Reddish brown in color.
Scent/Look best parts of this brew.
Into a pint glass, poured a solid black, not so much head but enough, tannish in color, decent lacing down the glass.
Dark brown body.
Ver clear golden straw color, foamy head dissapates quickly.
When yeast is added in it swirls thickly througout the glass,turning the beer a murky lemon-tealike color.Beautiful appearance.
A - Pours a hazy amber color with thin off-white head.
The head dissipates relatively quickly, but a few bubbles remain on top of the beer and a fair amount of lacing is left on the glass.
A-Poured a semi-hazy orange color with a one finger soapy head
A: Poured into a Sierra Nevada Anniversary Ale pint glass.
Body is clear golden with a 1-finger ivory-white head.
Very little in the way of visible carbonation, and what bubbles there are are slow to rise.
Leaves good splotchy lace
Appearance: Clear golden yellow with lots of bubbles moving up through the beer.
Initial rocky white head (1/8' thick) with some thin strands of lacing here and there, but the head is almost all gone by the end of the glass and so is the lacing, but I'm really enjoying the color
pours a light-ish golden brown, with a nice cream colored head.
fair retention, lacing.
This poured a nearly opaque dark mahogany with a little light tan head.
Pours a white one finger head that dissipates moderately quickly.
Crystal clear straw body, with a small amount of visible carbonation.
Slightly sweet corn scent.
Semi opaque burnt orange pour in a tulip.
Thick, lump head dissipated pretty quickly.
Looks like a classic SN...beautiful for about 30 seconds, then well, messy.
Pours with a nice foamy frothy off white head that lasts and a little lace.
Color is an ever so slightly hazy amber.
Appears a slightly hazy, light gold with tons of CO2 rising to the top.
A 3 finger head of fluffy white foam gradually fades out.
Massive amounts of lacing is left behind.
Appearance: Pours a golden yellowish-orange color - almost like the Stone Soup beer (which I just drank and reviewed) except that it seems less dense and more translucent.
The head is fizzy and maybe half a finger's worth...
it dissipates quickly but the bubbles keep streaming up from the bottom
This is a cream ale though, while Stone Soup is a Belgian Pale...
not sure why they appear so similar so far
Honeymoon Saison is a golden colored brew, with a medium-sized fluffy white head which sticks to your glass.
Darkish straw colored, clear, slightly carbonated, medium head, decent lacing.
Hazy orange color, less than an inch of head.
Cloudy orange colored pour with a big lasting meringue like head.
Poured into an Imperial Pint glass with a generous head that sustained life throughout.
Pours a deep reddish brown, very pretty.
A nice three finger layer of frothy head that settles down into a one inch layer.
Lots of lacing all around the inside of the glass
