The mouthfeel is exemplary; full and rich, very creamy.
Mouthfilling with some mouthcoating as well.
Just a bit of carbonation here too but nothing that detracted from the beer itself
Creamy smooth mouthfeel and definitely gets smoother on the palate once it warms.
Nice smooth mouthfeel with perfect carbonation for the style.
Superb mouthfeel and drinkability.
Mouthfeel : full body beer with alot of carbonation
M - The feel is delightful and not at all what you would expect considering the fruit filled aroma - not overly sweet.
The texture is aided by tingling carbonation and mild juicy fruity notes w/ light sweet and nutty/woody earthy tinges and mild acidity w/ a semi-sweet finish.
The astringent aspect is mild w/ alcohol only noted in very slight ways
The finish is semi-dry w/ a refreshing flavor -more than any other single hop ale I have had.
M: good carbonation and helps the bitterness take shape.
I dont' think this had any carbonation whatsoever.
Body is a little chewy for a pilsner, but thirst quenching and quite easy to drink.
Mouthfeel: Smooth is such a generic term.
This beer is small-bubbled and delicious.
Drinkability: Much like their Java, the alcohol is there in intoxication, but almost absent in taste and aroma.
This makes it excessively easy to drink.
Thin to medium mouth.
Mouthfeel is thick and chewy like a stout should be, but I prefer a smoother feel.
T - The same above, but add in light alcohol.
M - Still a little thin, but balalnced mouthfeel.
it is sticky and coats the mouth
M: it has a nice medium mouth feel.
and it coats the mouth a little
Bodies on the thin side, but it has a nice carbonation and a great crisp finish.
Medium mouthfeel that makes you want more.
The carbonation was good and it was fairly thin bodied.
Crisp and very smooth mouthfeel.
Very full on the palate.
Medium to full bodied, but quite smooth with alcohol completely hidden.
M- This beer has a light mouthfeel and a clean finish
M - Sugary sweet and slight with a highly carbonated finish and light body.
A light medium mouthfeel to this one.
M - smooth and a bit sparkling; light and watery
Mouthfeel - Moderate to high carbonation, with a pretty viscous and thick coat left on the tongue
M- Medium to light body and about he same in carb.
I remember this being thicker and lively but this is a well aged bottle of a huge brew.
I really like how the barrel imparts almost a wood grain texture to the mouthfeel.
Long linger.
T & M: Wow this is a tart tripel.
The finish is so dry but is very pleasant.
Mouthfeel is tart as well, leaves hints of that with aftertaste.
Mouthfeel is much more interesting - it's medium-bodied and a bit creamy, but leaves a distinctly clean and refreshing feeling on my palette after each sip.
Finishes dry with a definite alcohol warming.
This beer finishes smooth with a nice bitter hop finish that lingers on the tongue.
A nice full body to this beer with a like carbonation and full flavor makes this beer a classic.
M: It was a little bit thinner than i thought it would be.
The mouthfeel is heavy and slick with very little carbonation.
Creamy and a bit oily from the focus of malt richness and wheat, the beer carries a consistent texture from early creaminess through late fullness until the strength of alchol breaks apart the beer and allows for an alcoholic semi-dry finish.
A hint of oily feel comes out of the toffee-buttery note and may offer the slightest of distractions.
But the oily malt character offers just a slight flaw in taste and texture.
M- Felt like water in the mouth.
I thought the carbonation was a little too much.
Mouthfeel: Slightly smooth, a little chewy, and medium carbonation.
The beer is very light and refreshing.
Light to medium bodied, nice carbonation.
M - Smooth, refreshing, slick, no complaints here.
This beer is thick and palate coating with medium carbonation and quite a kick to it between the alcohol, roasted malt, and wood hops.
Mouthfeel is fairly full and very slick with each sip--nice and smooth.
The mouthfeel is medium bodied with moderate carbonation, and a chewy texture.
Fairly strong carbonation, medium heavy mouthfeel.
Crisp and clean with a mild inoffensive flavour.
It is a winter warmer but not from the usual alcohol burn.
M - Light and fine carbonation, thin but quite smooth.
Overly so.
M - Fairly light bodied, slightly more watery than I generally like, but I guess I should've expected this from a 4.4% brew.
Full bodied with a slightly high amount of carbonation, giving a bit of a fizz.
M - The mouthfeel of this beer had a resiny, medium body and moderate amount of carbonation
M - Light, too thin, with lots of tiny effervescent carbonation.
Sometimes I have experienced a lasting and unpleasant bitter metallic aftertaste, but it wasn't so prevalent in this tasting for whatever reason
M: Lighter side of medium body, medium carbonation, crisp and clean body.
M - high carbonation level, kinda thin
The mouthfeel is fine.
It is a full bodied beer with adequate carbonation.
F: Fairly light body, crisp and quite smooth.
Needs a bit more character.
M- Malty, light-medium body and very crisp
The body is a bit thinner than I remember the original being, but its still substantial.
Seems kind of fizzy though.
Mouthfeel was thin-to-medium with a cereal-like sweetness on the tongue.
mouthfeel: The carbonation is a lighter medium, and the body medium or so.
It poured a little on the 'heady' side and the head was so bitter it really pursed my lips.
Mouth-feel is light bodied and it has medium carbonation.
The body is on the lighter side of medium.
The carbonation is well suited for the body.
Fruity, cascade-packed, then sort of thin and floating away in the mouthfeel but addicting, this beer is a museum of the first wave of IPA's.
And throw a six of the fresh stuff in the fridge if you have and show your uneducated beer friends that IPA's can be simple and not palate assaulting.
Understated yet creamy carbonation allows for a mellow decanting- nearly cask-like.
Medium bodied in texture, the mild lemony sourness seems to further lighten the malt-forward ale and usher in a soft lactic dryness.
The body is light, with a moderate carbonation and a dry finish.
The finish is a dry, whole-mouth bitterness that lasts well until the next sip.
Mouthfeel is medium-thin with prickly carbonation.
The beer had a medium to full body, perhaps a little too thick for my taste, but still good.
The beer had a nice bitter dry aftertaste and was well carbonated.
Finishes very clean with only a slight pleasant bitterness.
Mouthfeel: Full-bodied goodness.
In the mouth its tiny bubbles foam-up on the tongue, giving a little tingle before it becomes pillowy soft and lightly creamy.
Its bitterness is well heeled; and it's superbly balanced for the style - particularily given it's 9% alcohol which never fully shows!
Mouthfeel: medium, really coats the tongue
Smooth, yet robust.
Into the mouth, it begins with a dripping caramel and black liquorice hues.
It gathers thickness, as well as gummi sweet & sour cherry notes.
M=even with no head carbonation is tight though feel is heavy and thick
It was thick, malty, and delicous.
M: Tingly lively carbonation, medium body with a slick and sticky mouthfeel.
It?€?s dryish but barely, and there is just a hint of tartness to the mouth
Very smooth drinking.
A little bit of alcohol warming on the finish.
Medium body and carbonation.
M- light- med bodied with a little viscosity.
No carbonation goin on here
mouthfeel: The carbonation is on the light side of the medium range, and the body is just above medium.
Mouthfeel was medium with moderate carbonation.
F: Very tingly and smooth.
Very good carbonation, and again, hits you in the jowls on the finish
Mouthfeel/Drink: Medium bodied, smooth to drink, but not impressed.
M: It feels medium-bodied and smooth on the palate with a light amount of carbonation.
Mouthfeel is a bit on the thin side, and the beer is fizzy, not very comfortable to leave on the tongue for too long.
Mouthfeel: Great carbonation on a medium bodied beer.
Relatively crisp.
The texture is smooth and slightly slick with mild carbonation.
Its body is about medium.
M- thick and full bodied.
hard to sense carbonation.
warms as it goes down.
M-Medium bodied quite smooth with only a touch of sharpness.
Long lingering hop bitterness.
Medium body.
Nice body, particularly for the style, so no complaints there.
Mouthfeel is medium-light (but closer to light) with a slightly coarse carbonation and quite a bit of residual heat that lingers on the tongue and at the back of the throat.
Smooth and light rather than crisp in the mouth, Not quite a zingy and flavorful and quenching as I like my hefes.
The feel is rich and smooth and it's very smooth and easy to drink.
M: Thin, drying
Mouthfeel is a hop induced malt mix richness.
M: Aftertaste is short, but holds both some sweetness but also bitterness.
Body is kind of weak and carbonation is medium.
Medium bodied with a high level of carbonation.
M: Thinner than it could be, and carries just a little too much carbonation for its type of flavor, but still very pleasant and slick.
Somewhat creamy and malty
It went down easy - a bit pricey but a good change of pace from typical american lagers
The finish consists of residual sweetness and a hint of a grainy note.
Slightly boozey and slick consistency, with an astringent and drying finish.
M- Medium-bodied hefe with an almost oily texture, light carbonation
Medium bodied with a really smooth mouthful.
M: Medium to full-bodied, a Old Guardian aged some 1.5 years is viscous and luscious
Smooth and very effervescent.
Almost no bitterness too.
The mouth feel was crisp, with some biting carbonation.
M: Thin and Metallic.
Beck's Dark is a bit watery on the palate and has a bitter finish
M: The lingering aftertaste is sweet and bitter at the same time.
Medium body and light carbonation.
Nice and creamy in the mouth with an almost syrup like feeling being left behind.
Some alcohol detected, but not what you would think for a 10.5% beer.
Light to medium bodied.
m: relatively thick, it isn't an export stout or imperial stout, but still is pretty hefty in the mouth, very smooth, not much carbonation.
not too shabby
M- Thin, medium to light body.
Bitterness lingers as would be expected.
Alcohol is hidden.
Body is light, with good carbonation, it has a moderately creamy mouthfeel
The real saving grace of this beer is the mouthfeel.
Soft and pillowy, it's so smooth and just velvety on the palate with a slight chewyness.
If I had no tastebuds even I would drink this just for the texture.
M: It feels medium-bodied on the palate and has a moderate amount of carbonation.
There are some hints of dryness in the finish.
Very refreshing, especially when drank with a sticky hot Thai dish (I had this with my shrimp coconut soup and red curried duck)
Lots of fizz in the mouth from the extreme carbonation.
I kind of liked it
M- Full, syrupy-feeling for the style.
Pretty chewy stuff for an IPA, almost a mild DIPA with some alcohol noted.
Midland drinkable, definitely worth a try but just short of spectacular.
Mouthfeel is great due to the nitro head.
The beer's body is just right for this kind of beer.
Some sweetnes, but not too sticky.
Medium, slightly crisp body.
Medium, semisweet finish.
The mouthfeel is good; moderate carbonation and smooth.
Poignant and bitter in a notable way.
MF: Mouthfeel is like creamy milk chocolate....just they way it should be.
Body is barely medium but creamy, carbonation soft - more would be too much with the bitterness/astringency of the hop/malt bill.
Mouthfeel - Heavy, smooth -- not much carbonation
Mouthfeel is thin, dry, and bubbly.
mouth feel is medium with light carbonation and coats the mouth well for a single ipa.
Mouthfeel: pleasing mouthfeel that is creamy without feeling too heavy or grainy
Finish is a little chalky and has a distinct bitter herb that I can isolate but am unable to actually identify.
This beer is medium bodied, big enough to hold the flavors together while light enough to be truly refreshing.
Mildly bitter on the finish with flavors of oatmeal, chocolate and raisins lingering, this is smooth on the palate with light carbonation.
A touch metallic on the finish (iron?
), this is the only flaw I can point to here.
the mouthfeel is medium with a pleasant coating quality.
Rich notes just rolled over the tongue in waves and thoroughly coated the inside of the mouth.
Very full body to the beer, almost 'thick'.
Carbonation is very active on the tongue, and while I generally prefer my brown ales a little more sedate in this respect, you could argue that this keeps it from being syrupy.
M: Smooth, with a tiny bite
M: medium-light body; smooth, almost but not quite weak and watery; less carbonation than I would like, but not flat; good drinkability
M- pretty light body
mouthfeel: sourness in an unpleasant way, vinegary
The mouthfeel was very drinkable and could easlier have serval back to back.
M- it has a real nice body to it, nice and thick.
Not chewy like a stout, but it has that nice IPA backbone to it
M - Warming, drying medium body.
Clean on the palate and the carbonation buzzes the tongue.
The mouthfeel is good.
Complex and dry, excellent.
M: Light-bodied; plenty of carbonation.
Could use a little more heft.
Not a heavy beer at all, it easily belies its 7+% ABV.
Mouthfeel is quite hot but does have a redeeming creaminess to it.
Still, the alcohol in the back of the throat is too much.
M- This beer has a medium mouthfeel with a tight fizz finish and no alcohol heat noticed
M- The mouthfeel is light bodied with a high amount of carbonation.
Light-medium carbonation and medium-heavy bodied.
The mouthfeel is medium bodied but light flavorwise on the finish.
Mouthfeel and drinkability are great as predicted.
There isnt alot of body or dimension to it overall as the hops seem to be the dominant feature-some dryness and bread hints at the end of each sip at the back of my throat
Each sip of this medium bodied beer is somewhat chewy with a firm carbonated fizz on the tip of the tongue.
Mouthfeel is a little bit oily, but the finish is a little bit dry and hoppy.
Mouth is med bodied, bit of warming booze and acidic feel, good carb esp for cask.
Very smooth up front, despite the carbonation.
Nice velvety mouthfeel.
Smooth, but full of flavor.
Alcohol warmth is also present.
Very light on the palate, which is easily the best thing about this beer.
Mouthfeel - Velvety smooth with very light carbonation
M- This beer has a light mouthfeel with a tight fizz finish.
Medium body with a dry finish, and pretty drinkable.
Mouthfeel: Smooth, a little light but it works, nicely carbonated
M: A light to medium body that speads over the tongue with decent carbonation.
The mouth feel is really light and creamy smooth with a swarm of bubbles that nip at my mouth dispersing the dryness.
Mouthfeel is classic gueuze, good body and spot-on carbonation.
M: Adequate carbonation to carry the flavors, cleans the palate up nicely and finishes very dry.
No aftertaste to speak of, the palate is left completely cleansed after each sip and ready for another.
Mouthfeel thick and a bit chewy, but that is to be expected.
The body is medium/light and its very fine, natural carbonation is lightly zesty in the mouth.
Mouthfeel is light bodied with champagne bubbles
M&D: the carbonation comes so soothing and not imposing at all, plus the slightly sour and length bitter palate, this Landbier proves a very easy-to-drink example of the style.
Smoother and sweeter as it warms.
The mouth feel is creamy and smooth with a somewhat dry finish.
The mouthfeel is really nice, being both creamy and crisp.
M - Full bodied, rich, smooth, light carbonation, creamy yet dry finish.
Mouthfeel is creamy and nicely carbed - really good.
Medium-bodied and dry --??just as an English pale ale should be.
It's also a bit grainy, which adds some interesting texture.
M: Acidic, thin, and watery
Mouthfeel is good.
Nice full feeling.
M: Medium body and high carbonation.
The aftertaste is dry and bitter.
Nicely carbonated with an excellent mouthfeel.
Md-heavy to heavy body and moderately carbonated.
Mouth is med to slightly lighter bodied dec carb.
Very smooth both on taste and finsih.
M - Very carbonated
The carbonation was annoying too.
M: I felt this was a tad too carbonated.
I'd love to be able to try this as a cask ale
Slightly slick mouthfeel, with a warming alcohol finish.
Extremely smooth and drinkable, and seems to have mellowed with its time in the cave and the cellar.
M - Moderate body and only slightly under-carbonated for my taste.
Leaves a mild oil coating.
A spritzy drink with a light body that is very sessionable.
Light body, good carbonation.
Body was fairly thick for this beer style with a limited amount of carbonation, creamy mouthfeel that had a long lasting taste that kept me wanting more
Finishes quite dry.
Carbonation is good, not a lot of alcohol warmeth as it is in the 7% range.
It had a medium feel on the palate with medium-high carbonation.
Mouthfeel: medium-full with medium carbonation.
Creamy with a slick feel on the tongue.
M - This beer has a light body with high carbonation to it
M: Medium level of fine carbonation.
A smooth, creamy feel crosses the lips and provides a bready and yeasty sense very quickly.
The body is lighter and thinner than normally noted in this style.
Mouthfeel: light bodied beer.
Crisp throughout with a clean but a bit dry aftertaste.
Thinner bodied, the sweetness doesn't thicken it up.
Prickly carbonation in medium light body.
Mouthfeel: Very crisp and lager like.
The carbonation is at a medium level and the mouthfeel is pretty full bodied which helps the beer feel like a liquid loaf of rye bread.
Medium to light bodied, the sweet seemed to outweigh any other feel and faded too quickly
M = Medium-light body, good mouthcoating, nice carbonation level.
Medium carbonation, silky feel, creamy, medium body.
The mouthfeel is down graded slightly cuz I do taste alcohol.
Felt very smooth and went down very easily.
Taste and Mouthfeel: Rich, full, thirst-quenching, and smooth.
Very balanced and tasty, with the perfect mouthfeel.
Mouthfeel: Dry and not too sweet.
It's smooth, refreshing and inoffensive.
Mouthfeel- Very lightly carbonated...not really cask-like, I think just bad bottle conditioning..just enough to make it decent.
M- Too sharp for my taste, and though the bitterness in the aftertaste is okay, I would prefer more while I'm tasting.
This isn't as smooth as an altbeer should be.
M: med mouth feel med carbonation
M - medium body and a bit drying
Mouthfeel: Medium body with extremely smooth carbonation.
The finish starts out slick, and then there is a slight dryness as well.
This is one of the best feeling beers I've ever have.
M: moderately full, oily with a warm roasted nature, and softly carbonated that made for a pleasant experience.
There was a dry pungent grapefruit lacing on the finish
M- Highly carbonated for the style to me.
Feel - Smooth initially then a little sharpness comes through...
pretty full bodied...
M: Light body; medium carbonation; smooth and crisp mouthfeel.
THe first thing you notice in your mouth is that this beer is thick.
MUCH thicker than most, almost like cough syurp.
M - This beer has fuller body with medium carbonation to it
The mouth is quite thick, and the carbonation is low, but still noticeable.
Nitro carbonation which leads to a creamy light bodied mouth feel, average drinkability.
Mouthfeel: medium bodied.
M: Lighter side of medium body, low carbonation, crisp and clean.
M- Very good.
Smooth with soft carbonation.
Body is lightweight and slightly yeasty.
The mouth is light and clean, and after a burst of bitter hops, actually gets creamy on the end.
Mouthfeel is slightly heavy, but not overbearingly so.
Mouthfeel is good, medium body and light carb give a creamy finish.
Moderate/light bodied and low carbonation.
Beer is nice, light in body, sweet up front, lots of yeastiness in it with some mild fruit.
mouthfeel is very lively/fizzy, kind of acidic, yet creamy and smooth.
Mouthfeel is good.
This is a light bodied brew that finishes slightly dry and it drinks down super easy!
The body is very full and the name is quite accurate.
M) Crisp.
Fairly dry feel.
Light bodied.
Mouthfeel was a bit thin and this stout had a very smoky quality, lots of burnt, charred oak notes.
Highly drinkable with smooth somewhat dry finish.
Mouthfeel: Rich and smooth.
Low carbonation.
As the name might suggest, Fat Bastard is a heavy beer with a dense body, low CO2, and no head or lace to speak of.
M: medium-heavy body.
Carbonation is right on.
A little oily, but the bitterness leaves the mouth somewhat dry.
M/D: the feel is light almost watery and lacking bitterness from significant amounts of hops.
Mouthfeel is perfect for the style and in the true tradition.
The carbonation was spot on as well IMO.
A bitter and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a fresh, dry pine hop in the aftertaste.
M - It hits just about every part of the mouth in the end.
Tart, but not tongue-curlingly tart.
Fuzzy carbonation tingles the nose a bit.
Mouthfeel slightly thick but not syrupy; to be expected for a double bock.
M/T: Extremely light and watery body.
Goes down easy and finishes very dry.
No carbonation bite like champagne has.
Mouthfeel was full, velvety, and flirty.
It had a medium feel on the palate with mild carbonation.
M: Thick body and medium carbonation.
Very sticky.
Mouthfeel: Average carbonation level.
Body is thin.
Light on the palate and not too heavy on the fizz.
The finish was dry with lingering grapefruit into the aftertaste and the body was medium, but seemed just a smidge lighter.
Mouthfeel is a little bit thick.
Prickly with carbonation, a bit chewy and surely full in body with a warm alcohol finish.
Mouthfeel is very light bodied with a whole buncha carbonation.
Mouthfeel was fine.
Mouthfeel-Medium body, moderate carbonation, and exceptionally smooth
Mouthfeel is on the lighter side, yet with a silky smooth texture that does the whole experience justice, and can easily turn this 'strong ale' into a session beer.
M: Carbonation low to nonexistant.
Acidity means that body is not thin.
Mouthfeel is full, smooth, and sweet, but doesn't become syrupy at all.
M- The mouthfeel is great, very thick and heavily carbonated which delivers the taste so well
M: The body is somewhat light and crisp, with a great level of effervescence and slight dryness.
Smooth mouthfeel and taste.
Mouthfeel: medium body with a good level of well-integrated carbonation.
Nice and creamy, just the way I like it.
Body is medium bordering on thin, almost too crisp with a high amount of carbonation.
Mouthfeel was creamy and heavy.
It coated the entire mouth.
M: Smooth, but a little under carbonated...
Mouthfeel: Thick and viscous, with moderate carbonation; creamy
Very smooth, creamy with some hop bite to balance it out.
Alcohol is barely detectable but there is a subtle warming affect.
Light body with a fizzy carbonation.
Creamy mouthfeel -- recommended
It has a single cream note - not sweet, just a savoury thickness, hard to describe.No suggestion of alcohol hot, very smooth.
M- Low to medium carbonation, perhaps a little chalky in the finish.
I think this comes from this single cream consistency quality im getting.
Medium mouthfeel.
Moderate carbonation and relatively high bitterness induced by generous usage of Hallertau hops with spicy and grassy character (the later indicating dry-hopping) lend dry finish followed by bitter aftertaste.
Mouthfell is right on with the alcohol mask well.
M - medium-light bodied, nicely carbonated with a light bite and dry finish.
M: a bit thick for a porter, but i really enjoyed the creaminess of it
The mouth feel is my favorite part.
Very nice, smooth and easy to sip.
There is a crispness and warming in the mouth, medium bodied with a slightly syrupy profile.
Fine carbonation level, but what is there seems kinda harsh.
M - Good carb and balance, aggressive enough to keep interest.
M: Tart, medium body, light booze sting and acidic
Mouthfeel is thick, and heavy on the tongue, a product of the excessive hop oil and the heavy malt presence; it has just enough sharp carbonation on the tongue to lighten it up, but still remains a bit of a chewy chore.
mouthfeel - Medium body
Thick and oily.
A little burn on the way down.
A medium bodied Hefeweizen.
Light and refreshing.
Mouthfeel is full and round.
Finish is clean and smooth.
Mouthfeel is a little thin for a stout, but fairly good.
M: Good
Goes down so smooth.
Feel is nice and creamy, full bodied, nice and smooth, good carbonation.
Mouthfeel is smooth with mild sweetness and a mild hop bite that is hardly noticeable.
M - Medium bodied stout and coats my toungue with a light oil consistency.
Carbonation is moderate and mouthfeel is medium, not too thick or thin.
M: Ok, not great, but enough body to keep me happy.
Quit thin and highly carbonated in the mouth.
M- Smooth, medium light, with medium carbonation
Mouthfeel is good yet it could be dryer for the style.
Medium bodied, a bit too big for a pale ale.
Mouthfeel- The mouthfeel taste is good, you can taste water and taste with carbonation...but not to much carbonation
M-Medium bodied..creamy
M: Mouthfeel is super light, a little chewy from he fermentables and citrus sugars used here.
MF= Heavy side of medium bodied with a tongue coating viscosity that made the flavors linger long into the aftertaste.
Modest carbonation.
M: Tad overcarbonated, medium long aftertaste
Mouthfeel is great too but maybe it's the cask.
Really Bice creaminess
Well-rounded, not overly broad but very deep and rich.
Creamy, lush medium mouthfeel that feels a lot lighter than it really is.
I found it to be pleasantly creamy and not overpowering, one that could definately be a session beer.
Mouthfeel is solid as a beer this size should be.
Carbonation is adequate but not detracting from its drinkability.
A little thin and carbonic but very drinkable and tasty.
Also a fairly thin mouthfeel.
M- Smooth, nice small bubble and a thin to medium body, allow this beer to flow nicely.
Full-bodied and smooth with a mild carbonation.
The alcohol is so well hidden.
Mouthfeel is light, very smooth, and very drinkable.
Light to medium bodied with moderate to ample carbonation.
Mouthfeel is decent.
M- This beer has a medium-light mouthfeel with a slight watery texture
The body is light with a gently crisp carbonation that caresses the tongue.
The mouthfeel is full, with a bitter (but not too dry) finish.
M - Medium bodied with a hint of apparent alcohol, but as always....I appreciate a little warmth in my beers (being a scotch and bourbon lover, after all).
The carbonation is graceful and understated, giving this one a refined and classy finish that leaves lingering notes of pumpkin pie, cinnamon, and autumn leaf hops (in the background, playing an award wining supporting role) on the palate.
A tang of carbination gives way to a nice smooth and slippery mouthfeel.
mouthfeel: watery and tasteless
This beer is highly carbonated and unfortunately that makes it difficult to pick out flavors.
M: What you'd expect from a porter.
M: Medium bodied, good carbonation levels.
It is fantastic the way it is, great mouthfeel, just fills every tastebuds with sweet, hoppy goodness, heavy for the style and while very crisp, it isn't dry or over carbonated.
All the flavors are nevertheless mellow, making this pleasant but a little thin in mouthfeel.
Mouthfeel has a nice bite to it.
Very refreshing.
Mouthfeel is reasonably crisp.
There is a medium carbonation with a medium mouthfeel
Carbonation is far too aggressive, makes the beer feel quite thin
It leaves my mouth feeling watery and a bit sticky as well.
Mouthfeel: Medium bodied
flavor wasnt bad, but the mouthfeel left a lot to be desired.
watery through and through with a very forgettable slightly bitter aftertaste.
The oak does not present itself in flavor, so much as in smoothness, and thats nice.
Very full, but sweetish mouthfeel.
Medium in body with a somewhat slick texture.
The mouthfeel is like highly carbonated water.
It flows over the mouth and tongue very well with just the right amount of carbonation.
Very carbonated and thin bodied.
Feels okay.
Indeed, the body is a little light and crisp, but this is perfectly to style, and the smoothness of flavour gives it a sheen to work around these things.
M - A light-medium bodied beer with a slick feel from the hops oil.
Mouthfeel is good.
Mouthfeel: There is enough carbonation to keep the beer from becoming syrupy and that adds to the overall enjoyment.
smooth, but slightly heavy medium body.
The body is huge with light carbonation and a super long, slightly bitter finish that left me with a spicy burning sensation for almost thirty minutes afterward.
The mouthfeel is luscious--a medium thickness offset by modest carbonation.
MOUTHFEEL: Silky and smooth on the way down, this had a nice, warming mouthcoating feel
M - medium body, good balance of carbonation, silky smooth
Very fine carbonation with a lush, silky mouthfeel.
The consistency is quite full bodied, a bit syrupy in consistency, slightly carbonated, and did I mention strong.
There is a slight throaty burn to this beer because of its ABV.
Mouthfeel is a big and sparkling adventure.
Light to medium bodied for a schwarzbier, this leaves only an unpleasant bitter flavor behind with little malt presence and it doesn't coat the palate like others in the style.
A thin body aids drinkability though just enough to earn it a slightly below average score.
M- Lots of carbonation
This beer is thin for a stout..
MF- medium body and carbonation.
Mouthfeel is smooth and creamy, and somehow the 11% ABV is entirely masked.
A little too heavy on the carbonation though.
Medium bodied.
M - Velvety, smooth.
M- Here is what won me over.
The carbonation was amazingly creamy.
The finish was dry, appropriately, and the body was light, but tasteful.
Body is medium to a bit thick for an IPA but the mouthfeel is smooth enough to make you cry for Mama.
Thin where it counts, hot where it shouldn't be, this is a careless, industrial 'craft' beer.
Aggressively alcoholic and lacking texture.
M ?€? The balance of carbonation and thickness of this beer is indescribable
Mouthfeel is crisp, bitter, rich, and full bodied.
The mouthfeel is good and has some body which helps lend more smoothness.
In fact I think the mouthfeel is one of the stronger points of this particular beer.
A flavour saturated with damp grains give it some weight on the palate, the 'damp' far more responsible than the grain bill.
It is a little watery, which is better than adjunct-y.
M-medium body and smooth
lightly carbonated.
Mouthfeel thick and oily.
Great mouthfeel and a nice sweet banana at first with mild carbonation, turning into a good simple brown bread.
Medium smooth mouthfeel with a clean finish.
There's also a touch of sweet malt on the foretaste to balance it, but this one is hop driven.
Mouthfeel is full, nice.
Nicely carbonated, without being overcarbonated.
There is a good amount of carbonation, giving it a sparkly, fizzy mouthfeel.
The mouthfeel is thick and a bit rough around the edges, which I don't mind.
Mouthfeel was crisp and clear.
M- Very good here as well.
It has enough body without being too overboard.
There isn't a whole lot of carbonation, but that's ok
Warming alcohol finish.
Light-medium body with heavy carbonation.
Thick, full and round mouthfeel.
Mostly tart cherry in flavor and with a firm bite of carbonation that tingles the palate.
Just a bit rich in viscosity through the finish to truly grab my attention.
M: Tart from bitterness, soft, sting, barely astringent.
Highly carbonated and it seems like it just keeps evolving CO2.
Mouthfeel was full, just less than creamy, with notes of caramel and black pepper on the tongue.
Mouthfeel is spritzy and very light.
Carbonation is moderate.
M - Medium body, somewhat coarse on the palate.
M- rounded and smooth followed by a slight bite that blends nicely
The mouthfeel is excellent, very round and full, smooth, creamy, almost buttery.
Thick and chewy, with a low to medium carbonation.
very full bodied.
Very full in body with moderate carbonation.
The body is medium to thick, and Bud Light Chelada finishes soupy, like a watery clam chowder.
Smooth, soft and creamy in mouth.
Literally like pureed bananas.
Almost feels like drinking Champagne, medium mouthful otherwise
Mouthfeel: light to medium body.
Extremely light carbonation that dances on the roof of your mouth.
Mouthfeel: Lively, refreshing carbonation.
Thin consistency would wash food down well, but at $3.29 a bottle, I'll stick to the high life for this function.
Medium to light bodied with average carbonation, decent texture.
Mouthfeel: sweet start slightly bitter finish, light bodied, moderate carbonation
m - great balance of carbonation and smoothness
Medium body and great mouthfeel, leaves clean with enough taste residue to want more.
M - Medium body.
Nice carbonation.
Balanced semi-dry finish.
Front is malt, sweet, the top is medium, the finish is acerbic, dry, the 10% ABV, is felt in the 'Tummy' and the long lasting alcohol bitter aftertaste.
Works for me!
Mouthfeel is light to medium, and Paulaner Oktoberfest finishes fairly crisp, clean, and refreshing.
Mouthfeel is medium-light, good effervescence, not sticky.
The watery finish doesn't make me want to drink more so it is low in drinkability.
Palate is nicely bittered and full flavoured with fantastic texture.
very creamy and effervescent.
Medium bodied, lingering hoppy finish
Enjoyable texture.
Smooth but slick in mouthfeel.
Light/medium mouthfeel.
3.0 M: Medium body.
Carbonation is a bit too high and is very bity, giving a not very smooth journey down.
M: nice mouthfeel - smooth, dry, and well carbonated
Not very high in carbonation that I believe is desirable in this style.
Meduim/full body with medium carbonation.
M - Medium bodied with almost non-existent carbonation and a slick sugary mouthfeel.
This is sort of bland in the mouth, but is redeemed a bit with the nice dry finish.
(M)- A nice carbonation level and balance.
Spicy, but with awesome creamy pumpkin and dry oak.
Pretty darned thin and lightly carbonated (NOT full bodied as the label states).
A light bitterness and bg mouthfeel, with a semi dry roasty coffee aftertaste.
M - Quite light and drying.
The beer is medium bodied and highly carbonated but is very easy to drink.
M: Medium bodied with generous carbonation.
Solid body for the style.
Mouthfeel is pretty good, a lot of sparse, tight bubbles come together to fizz across the palate, leaving sticky, chewy reminders of the hops for a long time.
Mouthfeel is adequate, good carbonation on a light to medium body
Thin, watery body and moderately carbonated.
M: Moderate body with appropriate carbonation.
Sticky finish
M: It was smooth and light bodied with moderate carbonation and a sweet wet presence on the tongue.
It finished wet and sweet.
M: Light in body with very light and smooth carbonation.
Again, slightly watery.
Mouth-feel is light to medium-bodied and very drinkable.
Clean, with a nice level of carbonation.
The high percentage of wheat gives the perception of a hefty body.
A little watery on the palate ...
this does not have the same fullness as it used to.
M-4 very smooth and easy drinking
Mouthfeel: Light to medium body with moderate carbonation; rather thin for the style
M - Thick bodied, viscious and syruppy.
Its not overwhelming but you can really chew on this beer and it's great.
Mouthfeel: has a little more body whch makes it feel a little larger than your average lager.
good bit of carbonation.
The mouthfeel is light and smooth.
Feel is well with not to much bite.
M-creamy medium carbonation with a nice creamy finish
The mouthfeel is very smooth and this brew was easy to drink.
mouthfeel is light/medium with tons of carbonation whcih is very fitting for this style
Medium-bodied, decent carbonation, not bad, but nothing special.
A small part of the alcohol strength is detected in the mouthfeel; it's damp and thick bodied.
It is, in fact dry, but I find it rather flat as well (flavorwise, not in carbonation, which is adequate.
The mouthfeel is awfully thin for a stout of any sort.
Mouthfeel: Medium-bodied.
Medium-plus carbonation.
The mouthfeel is medium-full bodied, with nice carbonation.
Creamy, slightly thick mouth feel.
Decent amount of carbonation for a stout, but overall it is smooth and creamy.
It looks more syrupy during the pour than it feels to taste, but it is unmistakably thick.
M - Grainy, light bodied, and crisp.
Mouthfeel is slick and creamy, with decent carbonation.
The feel is ok and drinkability is cut back by the metal aftertaste.
Creamy without the associated sweetness; very smooth, velvety mouthfeel is light and a bit watery for my personal taste.
Light-medium body, high carbonation and a generally creamy mouthfeel despite being fairly dry.
Mouthfeel - Big beer, mouth wrecker.
Tounge gets coated with malts, chocolate and alcohol.
Palette gets more malts, whiskey and some hop flavored dark fruits.
Aftertaste is a little bitter and alcohol warmth is still there.
crisp yet slightly creamy mouthfeel that go well with the sweet caramel malts.
Mouthfeel: Medium-bodied.
Medium carbonation.
Slick mouthfeel.
M- This beer has a medium-full mouthfeel with a slight creaminess from the fizz.
The fizz is noticed more in the finish
Mouthfeel is light-medium with a slight acidity and minimal carbonation - not quite still, but close to it.
Light bodied with a lemony hop finish.
Drinks very smooth.
Smooth and creamy mouthfeel with prominent late carbonation
Mouthfeel is good.
It has a solid thickness with moderate carbonation.
M - Medium bodied with a fine carbonation.
M: Good for the style.
Light and airy; a little cream.
The feel is terrible its very light, almsot water-like.
Full bodied and great retention.
Feels like carbonated water and the aftertaste prevents me from drinking very many of them.
A bit sticky mouthfeel, but overall it's medium body.
Very smooth and I find it extremely drinkable
Chocolate, coffee, and a lightly sweet finish; medium-full body, decent head (pours out of the bottle-neck like a lazy geyser); lovely golden-brown color
Crisp up front and creamy going down.
Real smooth
M&D: quite fizzy but not over the top, the body is light but not really thin, and the overall performance tells the story of an easy-drinking lager beer that is neither attractive nor below quality.
Light, slightly crisp body.
The mouthfeel is chalkier than I would have liked and a bit more creaminess would have helped.
The lack of carbonation is acceptable, settling down the hop body.
M: The mouthfeel is big and stroong, dominated by bitterness and thick flavors
T - Very smooth mouth feel.
Sharp on the tongue.
Bright, refreshing, but full bodied.
the creamy light chocolate looking head was a little on the small side probably due to the lower carbonation mouthfeel of this brew,but it did leave nice sticky lace on my new beer clean DFH glass.
Medium carbonation and medium bodied.
Mouth Feel - Not dry, very sweet
M- Medium to thicker mouthfeel.
Nice carbonation sting...might be my favorite part about this beer.
Mouthfeel: Medium-light body, a little bit watery for the style, nicely carbonated, a bit of a dry feeling, then leaves mouth pretty clean
M- Light bodied followed by mild carbonation
The mouthfeel is decent not too thin and the finish is clean and smooth.
The drink is light-bodied and mildly carbonated and is really quite easy to drink.
T/M - Medium bodied, smooth taste to this brew
The mouthfeel is as expected to style, but nothing to write home about.
Mouthfeel is light-bodied, with the consistency of watery milk.
A slight carbonated punch at the end of every sip, I could picture myself out on the deck of some restaurant drinking this with a nice meal.
goes down smooth as a glass of water
mouthfeel: kind of fuzzy feel on the tongue
Mouthfeel is medium and creamy.
Average body.
Higher carbonation.
mouthfeel is allright.
Mouthfeel was medium to thin.
The carbonation level was mild to medium.
Medium bodied with light carbonation.
Creamy mouthfeel and I thought it had pretty good drinkability.
The mouthfeel was average for the style
Mouthfeel & Drinkability - I think the body on this is really good for style, maybe a hair on the light side that keeps me hungry for the next sip.
M: Maybe slightly thin and over-carbonated.
Body is velvety smooth, a great complement to the rich intermingling of flavors in the palate.
Mouthfeel/Drinkability- The velvety texture is punctuated by a crisp, slightly aggressive introduction that livens the tip of the tongue.
M: peppery and high carbonation.
A very dry/bitter aftertaste that mellows out after the beer warms.
Mouth was smooth and retained good carbonation.
The mouthfeel is chewy and rich and drinkability is good but the alcohol is somewhat warming.
M - Medium bodied with moderate carbonation.
Smooth and crisp.
The finish is a touch dry and bitter and kinda nice.
palate has fine carbonation full big malty richness like heaven.
M: Slightly boozy but pretty clean and crisp tasting.
Feels light and dense that amplifies the sweetness
Fuller boded than expected and the hop presence is much stronger than the aroma suggests.
M: The mouthfeel is hurt a bit by the over-cloving.
M: A refreshing mouthfeel!
Mouthfeel: Medium-bodied.
Medium carbonation.
Smooth mouthfeel.
It was a light bodied beer that had a slightly malty and crispy aftertaste of toasted malts and citrus hops.
Md body for the style and modest carbonation.
The mouthfeel is rich and creamy given the style.
Mouthfeel is crisp with a dry finish.
Nice bite on the tonue.
Medium-light body.
A good zip of carbonation keeps the mouthfeel lively, and a strong head gives a bit of a creamy texture.
M- Medium.
very smooth and siky.
A little coating remains, but not off-putting
Firm mouthfeel, so fruity and refreshing, a fantastic tripel.
nice creaminess to it.
mouthfeel is almost creamy with a crisp finish to it.
lack of carbonation is so disappointing.
this beer would be epic with even a hint of body.
Mouthfeel is light, with the beer showing a crisp, clean finish.
Mouthfeel was crisp, but not soft like a pilsener.
The mouthfeel was incredible - had the velvet smoothness of an oatmeal stout, but also the effervescent acidity of a Saison.
After patiently waiting for it to warm, I noticed my first impression was that the mouthfeel was somewhat lighter than I had expected, adding to it's drinkability, but when I drink an imperial stout, I'm generally happy after one and don't mind a little extra viscosity.
M: Medium Carbonation with a medium body
The beer had a decent carbonation and feel
Mouthfeel is medium with good carbonation.
M - low carbonation, but still light and creamy, doesn't detract at all, noticable alcohol warmth, but quite welcoming
M - Real light mouthfeel and low carbination.
T/M - Full bodied with moderate carbonation.
Mouthfeel - Watery
Taste: Very creamy medium body with a luscious and smooth carbonation.
Mouthfeel: Slightly thick with perhaps a bit too much carbonation.
Entry is smooth with a subdued level of carbonation allowing orange peel and the Belgian yeast to shine.
Mouthfeel is full without chalkiness and finishes dry.
M - Medium body with light carbonation a little dry almost like a cider.
Mouthfeel is medium bodied and fairly smooth (almost all the beers I sampled at DuClaw were a bit under carbonated, which I'm sure affected the mouthfeel), and drinkability is pretty decent
Taste/Mouthfeel/Drinkability: This will be done through a list of desribing words---chewy, tangy, mouthpuckering, full-bodied, tart citrus, grapefruit bitterness, and honey nectar.
The best thing about this beer is the mouthfeel.
Thick without being syrupy, beautiful carbonation - it just rolls around your mouth.
M-Medium bodied with good lingering bitterness from the malt and hops.
Not as big and robust as some RIS can be but it holds it's own.
This was very soft, and a little bit thin on the tongue.
Moderate carbonation makes for a nice crisp mouthfeel.
Seems a little thin and watery, but that may be due to the fact that I just had a DFH 90min.
and this just seems thin compared to it.
M: Full bodied and smooth.
Light carbonation and a slight hoppiness
Being aged it is a bit smoother than the original (we tried the 2 side by side).
Full bodied, strong and sweet.
Excellent mouthfeel and great finish.
Mouthfeel and drinkability are decent, a throw -em back macro style of beer for a camping trip or tailgating.
Body is above average and alcohol is well hidden.
Mouthfeel: Medium bodied, slightly syrupy, with nice carbonation, ending with a small bitter bite on the tongue
Mouthfeel: Medium bodied, with a slight, dry, subtle crispness that results from a mild and fine-bubbled effervescence.
Incredibly smooth on the palate, surprisingly medium-bodied and round--almost a bit chewy, with a kickass foundation of fresh pale malts.
The carbonation emerges from the body and provides a gentle crisp edge, with a semi-floral hop character and fruitiness that follows.
Black and lacey.Carbonation is right there.
Average mouthfeel.
The body is fairly thick making this seem a significant beer, easy for me to finish the pint but it forced some nursing.
Reminded me of drinking a cream soda (the carbonation felt like a soda pop).
M - Carbonation from start to end - bubbly and crisp.
Full bodied and somewhat chewy.
M: Feels like water, nothing on the finish
M-Light and crisp feel with a nice tanginess thrown in the mix.
Mouthfeel: Nice medium body, plenty of carbonation, pretty much what you would expect for the style.
M&D: quite refreshing, somewhat lacking the weight for a 6%abv.
beer and also a tad watery in the finish, but overall easy drinking.
Full mouthfeel, not too carbonated, thick.
Just this side of syrupy.
Medium mouthfeel and medium carbonation.
Pretty viscous for what it is.
Mouthfeel is smooth with a bit of dryness in the finish.
Mouthfeel: Medium-bodied with a high amount of carbonation.
The carbonation bursts through from the get go.
Light mouthfeel, crisp, and moderately carbonated.
A small bite and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a lightly dry candy sugar in the aftertaste.
Mouthfeel was a bit creamy or buttery, kinda weird.
I thought it would coat a bit, but it finished fairly crisp.
Mouthfeel: Medium to light bodied with moderate carbonation
Mouthfeel: Very smooth but a tad below medium bodied; moderate carbonation
was at first really smooth with a slightly bitter finish.
it also has some good carbonation.
Light bodied and pretty dang drinkable.
The beer has a thick body and low carb, resuling in it coming across as a touch syrupy.
Mouthfeel is wonderful, well balanced, surly and big, yet so tasty and easy to drink.
Medium-bodied..could be a bit more thick and not hurt my feelings much.
This is a very light version of a winter beer, as far as winter beers go, normally.
Medium body.
Some creamy sweetness that moves more towards hop toward the end.
Bordering on thin and low carbonation.
Very drinkable, meekly carbonated but very nice body.
M - Medium body with oily texture and a dry, bitter finish that lingers on the palate for quite a while
M: A nice body on this beer actually.
From the bitter to the coffee; with that creamy smooth feel in the mouth.
m: medium bodied with above average carbonation
Mouthfeel is viscous and sticky, with a slight mouth puckering tartness in the finish.
The mouthfeel continues in the malt syrup direction, yet proves to be more enjoyably rich than flabby.
M- Feels pretty good in the mouth, but I think a 'deep' brew should be heavier.
M - Medium to full body, with good carbonation.
The carbonation is soft on this one with a nice light body.
This has feelings of a chewy/sticky/warming appeal.
It is little too carbonated for me, though the sweet aftertaste on the tongue is welcoming
Medium bodied, drying and minerally crisp.
The medium body allows you appreciate the balanced malty taste that finishes with a well proportioned, hoppy bite
M - Carbonation could be higher, as well as possibly a thicker body.
Maybe appropriate for style, it's just my opinion.
M - Thin with high carbonation - probably my least favorite part of the beer
Generous carbonation, light to medium bodied, and a great palate.
M - medium body with medium carbonation
Winter Solstice goes down smooth and easy.
The mouthfeel was pleasant.
It was full bodied, with medium (but pronounced) carbonation.
Super viscous mouthfeel and low carbonation.
Silky smooth to boot.
Feel: Low carbonation and relatively light body.
Dry finish.
Medium fullness of body, leave a thin coat in your mouth.
This beer is light to medium in body with very low carbonation, low bitterness, and that makes it very drinkable.
Mouthfeel is pleasant
Mouthfeel: Medium bodied with a chalky finish.
Heavy mouthfeel.
M-Medium-light body, just a tad thin.
M: Light in body, slightly slick in feel.
Mouthfeel was medium bodied, adequately carbonated.
Lighter body with lots of carbonation.
Softly carbonated up front with a strong spicy character that gives way to a malty center and long spicy dry finish.
It is a sweet, extremely smooth, and delicate beer.
Light-medium, crisp body.
Carbonation is fairly robust.
An easy drinking ale with moderate carbonation.
The mouthfeel is very smooth, but at the same time slightly watery.
M: Smooth, medium-body with good carbonation.
Pretty full beer, creamy with a tart sour cherry finish.
Nicely carbonated.
Mouthfeel was crisp and smooth.
Medium bodied and the mouthfeel is a bit on the thin side for a Porter.
Mildly spritzy.
Mouthfeel was ok, relatively smooth, and good carbonation throughout
T/MF: Great taste: silky smooth in the mouth.
Medium mouthfeel, neutral yellow-gold.
Not much head, creamy.
Mouthfeel is actually nice and creamy with that good wheaty quality.
Good mouthfeel for the Bruce.
The mouthfeel is creamy with a bit of carbonated bite.
Mouthfeel: Dry, thin, medium carbonation.
M: A slick oily mouthfeel.
M: Medium to full body, moderate carbonation, light yet creamy body.
M: Medium both in terms of body and carbonation with a nice bitter finish.
M- feels thicker than it looks with just enough carbonation.
Almost creamy initially in the mouth.
Mouthfeel/Drinkability- Light and prickly in the beginning, it swells in such a smooth, easy way...
A medium body with a sweet malty flavor.
Fine smooth (champagne like) carbonation that isn't over the top but a nice compliment to the tastes.
A smooth and creamy feel in the mouth with a fine dry aftertaste.
Medium to full body with perfect carbonation.
Light bodied, highly carbonated but easy enough to drink.
Mouthfeel is nice and velvety.
M: Lower medium body with moderate carbonation.
The mouthfeel is smooth and sticky.
Medium bodied with a little above average carbonation, seemed alright in this aspect.
Taste & Mouth - There is a low amount of carbonation and I can taste malts, caramel and some hops.
M-- nice medium body and finish is clean
Nice smoothness with a subdued dry backbite.
Medium bodied beer with perfect carbonation
Quite a good sized body for a mild beer.
It drinks kind of dry and is full in body.
The viscosity makes this wheat a little harder to get through than most.
Carbonation is apparent.
The body is medium for a winter brew.
M: Creamy/pillowy foam with a dry and ashy body.
The mouth was creamy and smooth with a touch of carbonation on the tongue.
Fizzy (maybe a little too much), with a round taste, but 'simple', without the complexity of the smell.
The body is medium and round, with a good hop.
Pretty low carbonation for the style.
B/T: moderate carbonation, well balanced, thinner than expected
Mouthfeel is average.
Medium mouthfeel and medium carbonation
Body is thin,and carbonated.
Mouthfeel is good a bit on the thick side.
Low carbonation.
The beer is lazy in the glass but does react on the tongue when sipping.
Mouthfeel is pretty good for a sipper of this type.
Moderate body with a slightly soapy feel.
Medium to heavier body with decent carbonation.
M - Medium-thick body, with very high carbonation, and a dry finish.
A small bite and medium bodied mouthfeel, with a dry roasty coffee in the aftertaste.
M - Medium body, nice chew, lightly carbonated
M-This beer is medium bodied with some active carbonation.It is relatively creamy with a dry finish and a lasting piny/spice aftertaste.
Dark brown color....creamy texture in the mouth....medium bodied....huge sweet melted milk chocolate aroma....also some powdered hot cocoa mix..
M: The crispness of a lager and the tiny hop bite of a pale ale.
Pretty good.
M: refreshing and smooth with good carbonation.
Mouthfeel ?? This is a solid medium-bodied with a slick, almost greasy mouthfeel.
The body is medium full and medium heavy.
Carbonation is nice and light.
The finish is dry and slightly sticky.
There is nothing special other than the flavors in the mouth and it's thin
slick, medium body, no real noteworthy carbonation.
Although it is a very light wheat beer, the flavor was spot-on for a Hefeweizen.
Good carbonation.
The alcohol is very well integrated, appearing only as a slight overall warming.
The carbonation is quite low, the body fairly full, creamy, and a bit slick, and it finishes with a little more of those understated island seaside whiskey notes - salt, iodine, peat.
Medium body, very smooth and rich.
Light carbonation.
The m/f is light with flavors mixing well.
Lighter than the aforementioned and more 'sessionable'.
Medium bodied feel with a soft carbonation.
Mouthfeel - little carbonation and smooth.
light and carbonated
M - light-med fine prickly carbonation that provides a bit of crispness to the otherwise sweet and somewhat heavy body
Was pretty light to medium bodied with a noticeable carbonation presence.
M - Light, watery body with a carbonated finish
A nice medium body on the beer with a nice dose of carbonation too.
It had a medium feel with medium-high carbonation.
Medium body, higher carbonation, refreshing and tingly on the palate.
A creamy, carbonated mouthfeel with a alcohol warming in the end
Very smooth, lightly oil body.
Mild carbonation hint.
Full-bodied, medium carbonation and warming.
m - full bodied without much carbonation for a smooth mouthfeel
m: went down smooth, more like an after dinner drink than a barley wine in my opinion
The body is a strong medium, with a mild carbonation and a rather smooth feel.
M - Nicely carbonated with exceptionally smooth finish
The mouthfeel of the beer is crisp and direct.
It definitely registers as a west coast IPA.
Carbonation is the main flaw, it's too high to accompany these rich flavours.
M- clean, crisp, nice carboantion, medium/light body
On the palate, light bodied, with cereal, corn and bread.
M: Very thin mouthfeel due to the high alcohol content and low carbonation.
A small sip went a long way to coat all of your taste buds.
Medium to heavy, very balanced mouthfeel.
It is smooth and creamy in the mouth and I was ready for a second one.
Mouthfeel: Slightly creamy from the carbonation, with a warming alcohol effect.
Overall a very smooth beer.
Mouthfeel - Very smooth, low carbonation.
Fairly light and smooth while being a little over carbonated for my liking.
Light and minimal carbonation.
Seemed a bit thin bodied but had a rich, mildly creamy mouthfeel and a good amount of carbonation.
Mouthfeel is medium and drinkability good.
M: Oily and viscous, it seemed to leave a thin coating on the palate for several minutes after each sip.
Linked to the less then appealing taste and it was not a pleasant reminder.
Mouthfeel is not overpowering but in no way watery.
The mouthfeel is medium bodied and over sharp feeling in the mouth, the whole way through.
That 7% feels about right on target here, giving the body some oomph but still keeping any alcohol warmth at a distance
M: Creamy with a long finish.
M: Light-bodied and carbonated adequately for the style they're attempting.
Slightly syrupy, as in almost like the cloying sweetness of cough syrup.
Malty, slightly sweet taste with a crisp, dry mouthfeel.
Medium mouthfeel.
Low end of the carbonation spectrum.
Mouthfeel is dense and thick, fitting the taste of the beer.
M: A little carbonation, slighty creamy, but finishes crisp and smooth.
Medium body.
M: Some hop oil texture, dry and bitter feel in the aftertaste that coats the palate all over
M- Medium/heavy body, medium carbonation, smooth, slight dry smokey fizz then turns to a faint oily finish
This is a nice full bodied oatmeal stout.
Medium carbonation with a full body and roasted finish.
Good carbonation and great mouthfeel smooth and creamy.
M - Medium body with a good amount of carbonation.
Nice and creamy all around
Feel - Very smooth and creamy...
Light / medium body.
M: Good.
Mouthfeel is quite dry, bordering on parching.
Medium bodied, clear orange/amber color with a substantial ivory head that lingers well and leaves a bit of lace
Smooth and very drinkable with a bit of alcohol warmth..
Mouthfeel is not as smooth as I prefer, and cloying with a firm, sticky body.
The metals and harsh initial mouthfeel detract from the enjoyment.
It's just so smooth....it just fills your mouth up so nicely, you could really drink this all night with no problem.
M&D: Light to medium mouthfeel and very drinkable.
M: It was a light bodied beer with modest carbonation and a sweet clean finish.
Decent enough mouthfeel.
The beer has carbonation but once the bubbles have escaped the beer gives a creamy, velvety feel and finish.
Mouth feel is light bodied and highly carbonated.
Medium body.
Tad too strong carb.
The mouthfeel was good thank to the light ABV.
M- carbonation is good, lighter side of medium, real easy drinking beer.
Some good dryness left in the mouth...even at 8.2 abv it feels like a beer i could session...watch out
Very rish mouthfeel, syrupy and smooth.
MF: Slick, kind of watery fairly noticable/ prickly carbonation
M - Smooth, medium bodied, mildly carbonated
It has a mouthfeel very similar to a Miller Lite (which I don't think is a real beer) and overall just doesn't work for me.
Good mouthfeel and perfect carbonation.
The beer is a bit thin and watery, thus lacks creaminess, boldness, and never becomes characterful.
Thin and weak in the body with a mild yeastiness.
F - medium bodied with mild carbonation.
I would prefer a bit less carbonation...would love to try this one on tap.
The mouthfeel is real nice.
Smooth, yet the flavors linger on the tastebuds
M: The mouthfeel starts off promising, hits some Belgian IPA notes midway through but never really hits the hoppy notes that I was hoping to see.
Interesting but not extraordinary.
Mouthfeel is very good.
Lightish body, crisp and snappy, with creamy carbonation.
A medium bodied amber ale.
Mouthfeel is full and round.
Finish is clean and smooth.
It's medium bodied and quite smooth.
Light-bodied and relatively smooth.
A little more time in the bottle wouldn't hurt, but it's a fine tasting beer with a pleasant but unremarkable mouthfeel.
A bit bubbly but not in a bad way.
M: Low carboration, medium body.
Just the way a bitter should be, but perhaps a bit 'thin'.
Mouthfeel: Nice and crisp.
Mouthfeel: Slightly below average, very thin.
Mouthfeel ?? light/medium-bodied; a bit creamy to open then the desert dryness slams the door at the back of the tongue with the slightest dose of heat entering at the back of the throat in the aftertaste; a ??4' would fit the category well if it wasn't for the parch
M - Slightly creamy, with a medium mouthfeel and moderate carbonation.
Mouthfeel is good.
Mouthfeel is light, and all I really get here is a brew slightly better than the average macrolager.
Medium/full bodied with above average carbonation, very creamy texture and mild warmth.
Smooth mouthfeel, medium body, and very drinkable.
The malt and a slight tingling sensation lasts on the tongue for a bit after swallowing.
Carbonation level was good.
Mouthfeel: Medium Body, low carbonation, creamy aftertaste.
Remarkably smooth despite the persistent effervescence.
Clean, crisp mouthfeel and strong drinkability, though this one is to be deconstructed and savored slowly.
This beer was vibrantly carbonated, once again, almost feels like Cheerwine in the mouth.
It is very hard to tell that this is 9.8% alcohol.
Mouthfeel is fairly light for the style with mild carbonation.
Creamy and smooth.
It seems really smooth, especially given the amount of alcohol in it (there's definitely a nice warming note).
The light, airy, well-carbonated mouthfeel makes drinking easy and burping frequent.
M: The mouthfeel is smooth, creamy, rich, and full bodied.
A light but nearly perfect level of carbonation.
M: Very smooth and full throughout
Mouthfeel is OK.
FEEL soem fiz, rich full bodied texture, alc warming, clean finish.
Nice mouthfeel, very crisp, bitterness at the back of the mouth lingers for a pretty long time.
Despite it appearing to be thin the beer had a nice thick coating mouthfeel and a bit of carbonation, so it wasn't totally like drinking syrup.
Mouthfeel and body are a little lacking due to the honey.
Rich and smooth, creamy, very good beer.
some nice chewy body that finishes closer to watery
M- Medium body, on the dry side.
M - Medium in body, crisp and refreshing.
M - Highly carbonated and crisp on the front with a smooth finish
The body is surprisingly thin, but it does not take away from the powerful flavors.
A bit thin in the mouthfeel department but damn tasty.
Good amount of carbination in the mouthfeel, but not overpowering.
Medium-low heft, with an simple finish.
Syrupy,big full mouthfeel,smooth and very creamy with lots of juicyness.
Medium carbonation sits decently in your mouth.
M - Medium to medium-light bodied with a medium amount of carbonation.
Feels like a nice balance.
The beer is super smooth and crisp.
Nice finish also.
M: Medium body, medium carbonation, lightly oily feel with a dry finish.
Perfect carbonation and no alcohol in the flavor.
In the mouth it's medium-full and lightly creamy with a very fine-bubbled, natural, median carbonation that leaves it smooth and easy to drink.
M: Body is a bit light for being a big beer.
A tad creamy.
Lower carbonation
M: smooth mouthfeel with good carbonation.
Not watery at all and not excessively thick.
A bit drying initially after the swallow but quickly turns juicy.
The beer held it carbonation well which also gave this beer more of the souring effect you would want in a fruit beer that I never realized before.
Feel: Very smooth.
The mouth feel is just about right, effervecent as a wheat should be but not too over the top.
Mouthfeel is light.
M: Light on the tongue, tons of carbonation which is mostly comprised of small bubbles
Thin mouthfeel.
The chewy malt adds a little texture to the brew.
Medium body, which is quite nice.
Smooth and extra soft on the palate--possibly a tad buttery.
Well carbonated, this is a sturdy, very drinkable beer that has joined me for much leisure time.
On the palate, the beer has a nice mouthfeel, definite hope bitterness, long finish with a slight hop astringency.
The body is on the lighter side and very smooth, allowing this brew to live up to its name.
Slick moutfeel.
Marzen's tend to be a bit thin in the mouthfeel for me but even this didn't match up to my less-than-lofty expectations.
This is not the kind of beer I would want to get drunk on and even though the carbonation didn't detract from the taste, this wasn't something that I could down very quickly.
M: light body and carbonation, very sharp and crisp with a bone dry finish.
Mouthfeel is medium bodied, spritzy up front, and smooth in the finish.
Fairly light bodied.
High carbonation.
M - Fairly light and thin but also quite smooth.
M: This beer has the feel of a good spring beer.
It is light and thin on the tongue with the presence of prickly carbonation.
It has a nice, full mouth feel with small, soft bubbles.
The flavor is moderately sweet with lingering alcohol and prunes.
Medium-light body with decent carbonation.
Very smooth drink with a bite during the finish, a certain spice that I couldn't place but was very direct and I just burped another taste of it (two hours later).
Mouthfeel - way too bubbly, interferes with the flavor, inhibiting the sweetness.
I like the smoothness, though, and it has a good body on it.
M - full bodied and smooth.
Nice mouthfeel.
a tinge from the abv felt at the finish.
M - Thin, but expected for style.
M/D: Medium bodied.
M: Medium body, crisp, with medium to high carbonation
Full bodied with an alcoholic texture and a soft carbonation.
Smooth and very nice thick beer.
M - Light and refreshing.
Not too carbonated nor heavy.
Mouth feel- This one borders on a light and medium body.
It certainly is not the creamiest IPA out there by any stretch of the imagination
M - It was soft on the tongue and medium-bodied.
Mouthfeel: Very smooth and full-bodied with a nice carbonation bite.
Mouthfeel- Good carbonation level.
Nice chewey, medium bodied beer.
Mouthfeel is chewy, bitter, sweet, and semi-dry.
mouthfeel is alright, a bit overcarbonated for my liking, but it does well to reinforce the wine/champagne aspects of this beer.
M: Medium body, not too thick, but pretty smooth and almost creamy.
No sign of alcohol in this beer.
There's a bit of a tart mouthfeel.
The mouth is pretty solid, a bit light but not all that unexpected with a coffee blend.
Its fairly smooth, not quite creamy, well carbonated, thoroughly, exceptionally drinkable.
The body was smooth and creamy, but this spice bomb was a drain pour for me.
M - Slightly about average body with a perfect amount of carbonation.
M- Medium body, pretty high carbonation, pretty clean
M: Given the light color, this one's heavier in heft than anticipated - call it medium in weight (also another area of difference with Sculpin, which I keep coming back to due to that apricot taste and light coloring).
Slight slickness to the feel.
Mouthfeel: Good carbonation - cleanses the palate but doesn't scour it.
Just a bit thick, but smooth
relatively light body, but a lively feeling carbonation.
It was watery with moderate carbonation, and had a bitter aftertaste.
Very light watery mouthfeel, but not very crisp.
Dense, oily feel foamy on the tongue.
Good body and carbonation.
Finish is good.
Mouthfeel is full bodied, sweet, yeasty, slightly chewy with a lovely finish that makes you crave more.
Taste/Mouthfeel: Feels creamy in the mouth.
Spotted Cow feels very light and thin, which here isn't bad....
Medium bodied.
Feels light and crisp in the mouth.
Medium-low body.
Body was kind of heavy, but not thick.